My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the bed.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several cars.  The teacher stated "That sucks"  The teacher started to spit out lots of dogs.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "This is a little graceful", and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dog began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  The dog started to spit out lots of fires.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The dog began to grab me, but I yelled at it "This is very hideous"  The dog started to spit out lots of cars.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous monster with metal squares on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The monster began to throw some wooden squares at me, but I tried to get it to throw some pencils at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  The monster said "The pens are in the ice", and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to grow much larger.  The tin man sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly ran to a classroom.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a manager of the classroom slowly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  A man showed up and started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly walked to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a massive bed, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the bed.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started growing much larger.  The bed suddenly went to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with logs all over its arms.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a teacher said "The lavas are in the ice"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the house.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The teacher showed me several dogs.  The teacher sprinted to a church.  The teacher shook into nothingness.  

I saw a huge monster with phones on its legs.  The monster shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to shrink in height.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

A monster appeared and whispered "That sucks"  The monster started growing much larger.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I saw a grotesque cat with lavas coming out of its back.  The airport suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly showed me several fruit.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so enormous?"  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with ices on its arms.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I screamed at it "This is very enormous"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The person who looked just like me went to a basement of a dorm.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and showed me several fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very pale" for some reason.  The man stated "That sucks"  I don't know why, but I drove to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious for some reason.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green teacher with metal squares all over its feet.  The teacher began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The teacher began to jump over me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the dining hall.  I saw a small scarecrow with ices coming out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale cat with spikes sticking out of its mouth.  The cat drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a enormous cat with fruit coming out of its tongue.  The cat started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A tin man showed up and went to a house.  The house suddenly whispered "The ices are in the insect"  The tin man began to throw some pencils at me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat graceful"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I saw a bright dinosaur with metal triangles all over its face.  The house suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the house.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so graceful?"  

A cat appeared and whispered "You must look inside"  The cat drove to a church.  The cat began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the church.  The cat whispered "Why are you so small?"  The cat crumbled into nothingness.  

A monster showed up and started to spit out lots of logs.  The monster started crumbling.  The monster began to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A dog came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dog began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being worried.  The dog stated "That sucks"  The dog began to throw some phones at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something helpful.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the island.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the airport, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a church, with a man quickly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  The man began to stand on me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a huge teacher with photos all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The teacher began to sing to me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue quickly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The statue shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant cat with phones sticking out of its tongue.  The cat gave me some fruit.  The cat began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with fruit all over its arms.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur walked to a basement of a basement of a church.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange house on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The dorm suddenly shouted "The bags are in the snow"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with cars coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I saw a futuristic teacher with snows sticking out of its eyes.  The bed suddenly began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the bed.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a statue sprinted to a basement of a island.  The statue began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The statue began to slap me.  I saw a pale cat with spikes sticking out of its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The dog shook into thin air.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with insects sticking out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful church, and I felt very nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  A man came out of nowhere and showed me several bags.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the church.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  I don't know why, but I walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified for some reason.  The island suddenly began to slap me.  The teacher crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a graceful teacher with metal squares sticking out of its arms.  The teacher began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The teacher gave me some dogs.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me.  A tin man showed up and started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started melting.  The person who looked just like me drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the classroom.  I don't know why, but I went to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bags at me.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and started shaking.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with mice everywhere.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  A tin man came out of nowhere and showed me several logs.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with fires everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A teacher showed up and began to yell at me.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The teacher said "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the beach.  A man came out of nowhere and gave me some pencils.  The man started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large teacher with wooden triangles coming out of its legs.  The teacher sprinted to a dorm.  The teacher started crumbling.  The scene changed to a house, with a cat wildly melting.  The house suddenly whispered "The photos are in the pen"  I saw a graceful tin man with ices coming out of its mouth.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  The cat started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  The cat began to shrink in height.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The cat began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The cat began to shrink in height.  The cat began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I saw a graceful dinosaur with cars all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dinosaur crumbled into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with ices everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the dining hall.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a beach.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dinosaur shouted "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a church, with a dog wildly melting.  The dog began to punch me.  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque house, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the beach.  The beach suddenly walked to a church.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and stated "The bumps are in the spike"  The teacher drove to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the church.  I saw a pale scarecrow with spikes on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the church, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive dorm, and I stated "I want to shrink in height"  The dorm suddenly drove to a island.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  A tin man appeared and began to sing to me.  The tin man started melting.  The tin man began to take a photo of me.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with logs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I shouted "What's going on?"  The island suddenly drove to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge monster with glass squares all over its arms.  The monster began to punch me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and went to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The island suddenly walked to a bed.  The man started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to punch me.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a island.  The teacher began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  A tin man appeared and began to crumble.  The island suddenly ran to a airport.  The teacher stated "The bags are in the log"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and gave me some insects.  The scarecrow began to throw some cats at me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me wildly shaking.  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to throw some fires at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the house.  The dinosaur melted into the ground.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with bumps coming out of its mouth.  The scarecrow ran to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

I saw a green statue with dogs coming out of its mouth.  The scarecrow walked to a basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The basement of a classroom suddenly went to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a manager of the airport began to yell at me.  The manager of the airport whispered "You must look inside"  The manager of the airport whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a futuristic man with pencils sticking out of its legs.  The manager of the airport began to throw some wooden squares at me.  The manager of the airport began to punch me.  The manager of the airport began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a statue started to spit out lots of phones.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the classroom.  The statue began to kick me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I saw a obscure dinosaur with snows coming out of its feet.  The statue went to a airport.  The statue began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dinosaur shook into the ground.  

A teacher showed up and gave me some cats.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I don't know why, but I drove to a airport.  The teacher began to throw some snows at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the airport.  The teacher crumbled into thin air.  

I was melting in a huge house, and I felt slightly nervous.  The house suddenly went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the island.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  The house suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the bed.  The house suddenly shouted "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur stated "The insects are in the glass square"  The house suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dining hall.  The dinosaur said "You must look inside"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The tin man stated "The cars are in the pen"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The tin man showed me several insects.  The island suddenly began to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The metal squares are in the photo"  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with bags on its mouth.  The person who looked just like me drove to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A monster showed up and began to jump over me.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The monster stated "The fruit are in the phone"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the dorm.  I saw a towering scarecrow with cats on its feet.  The dorm suddenly walked to a bed.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the island.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and sprinted to a beach.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt strangely anxious.  The teacher began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  A monster appeared and walked to a classroom.  The monster started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the beach.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a beach.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I saw a pleasant man with cats all over its feet.  The man stated "Why are you so large?"  The statue began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The pens are in the mouse"  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with bugs everywhere.  The island suddenly walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The dog started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I was shrinking in height in a massive house, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a director of the house absent-mindedly shaking.  The classroom suddenly stated "The phones are in the log"  The house suddenly began to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the director of the house saying "The bags are in the bug"  

My friends and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange basement of a island with logs everywhere.  The basement of a island suddenly began to throw some bags at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I saw a enormous monster with fires coming out of its feet.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  The island suddenly said "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a statue started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the airport.  The statue began to smack me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the church.  The airport suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red statue with lavas coming out of its toes.  The statue began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?"  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly began to crumble, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and started to spit out lots of cars.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The cat began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of mice.  The man began to crumble.  The man started crumbling.  I saw a obscure tin man with ices on its toes.  The bed suddenly drove to a dorm.  The tin man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The lavas are in the car"  

A tin man showed up and began to punch me.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man began to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The tin man began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man shook into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some snows at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The airport suddenly ran to a house, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and showed me several ices.  The man began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  The man began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The man showed me several glass squares.  The man began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the beach.  I saw a pale monster with cats coming out of its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a scarecrow carefully shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  A teacher appeared and began to punch me.  The man started growing much larger.  The teacher began to throw some cars at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with bumps everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the house.  The house suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a grotesque beach, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The beach suddenly began to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and began to grab me.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The tin man began to stand on me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the classroom.  I saw a graceful cat with wooden squares all over its eyes.  The basement of a classroom suddenly walked to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small cat with insects sticking out of its back.  The cat went to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

I was growing much larger in a obscure classroom, and I heard a voice say "The mice are in the snow"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the classroom.  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with dogs all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of snows.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The monster began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a church.  The monster began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The basement of a church suddenly drove to a beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic statue with fruit coming out of its feet.  The statue began to shake.  The statue began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Why are you so pale?", and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly began to shake.  A monster came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the church.  The monster showed me several pencils.  The monster grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a red cat with ices all over its tongue.  The cat began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The cat started shrinking in height.  I don't know why, but I drove to a basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  A dog appeared and began to shake.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The basement of a classroom suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a massive bed, and I wasn't happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the bed.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the island.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of logs.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a enormous classroom, and I whispered "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly showed me several spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The scarecrow sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly started shaking.  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the beach.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with glass triangles sticking out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small monster with glass triangles coming out of its feet.  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something wrong.  The monster began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly stated "The spikes are in the lava"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dining hall.  The basement of a house suddenly gave me some spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a man quickly crumbling.  The house suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The man shouted "The bags are in the fruit"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a dog began to throw some bumps at me.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The dog began to shoot me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The bed suddenly showed me several bugs.  The dog went to a basement of a classroom.  The dog sprinted to a church, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and began to punch me.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a basement of a basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the basement of a basement of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous dog with ices on its tongue.  The dog ran to a beach.  The dog began to throw some fruit at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dining hall.  The dinosaur began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a futuristic dining hall, and I felt strangely furious.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the dining hall.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "The dogs are in the pencil"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with photos all over its face.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with cars all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with insects coming out of its back.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of fruit.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher started melting.  The teacher gave me some logs.  The airport suddenly walked to a church.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man slowly crumbling.  The airport suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I saw a childlike teacher with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  The teacher began to stand on me, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a futuristic basement of a island, and I shouted "I want to shake"  The basement of a island suddenly said "You must look inside"  The teacher began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I saw a towering dog with bags all over its feet.  The island suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the beach.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering tin man with metal triangles sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the insect" for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The monster said "Hey man, it happens"  The monster sprinted to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so towering?"  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with fires everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge scarecrow with fires sticking out of its feet.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the dining hall.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a blue dining hall, and I stopped being worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man quickly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the dining hall.  The tin man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and walked to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with phones on its arms.  The tin man sprinted to a airport.  The house suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant monster with wooden squares all over its eyes.  The monster went to a basement of a church.  The monster began to throw some lavas at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the basement of a church.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The monster began to throw some cars at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the basement of a church.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the house.  I saw a enormous man with cars sticking out of its toes.  The man went to a bed.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a airport.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with insects all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of cats.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so green?"  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the dorm.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a huge airport, and I felt slightly nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a massive house, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the house.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and sprinted to a basement of a dorm.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scarecrow shouted "The spikes are in the bug"  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

I was shaking in a futuristic house, and I wasn't concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the house.  The house suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a obscure director of the house with insects coming out of its mouth.  The director of the house began to smack me.  The director of the house began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  The director of the house showed me several bags, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and drove to a church.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and walked to a dorm.  The cat showed me several ices.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt slightly relaxed.  The cat began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I saw a bright monster with snows all over its tongue.  The cat said "The dogs are in the fire"  The cat started melting.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A statue appeared and started crumbling.  The statue began to throw some spikes at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  A man appeared and shouted "Why are you so pale?"  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The statue gave me some pens.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure dog with wooden triangles sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had done something great thinking this would help.  The dog began to throw some logs at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  The house suddenly showed me several spikes.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue statue with bags coming out of its toes.  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had done something wrong thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the church, and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and started melting.  The teacher sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?"  The teacher began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the dining hall.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with metal squares everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive dog with bumps sticking out of its eyes.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dog began to crumble.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  The dog said "That sucks"  A monster showed up and went to a island.  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the island.  The monster shook into thin air.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to shoot me.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I saw a massive cat with cats sticking out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the island.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the island, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and walked to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous monster with snows coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely obscure"  The monster shouted "The fires are in the pencil"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and sprinted to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly walked to a classroom.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I felt very nervous.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the dorm.  The tin man melted into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with wooden squares everywhere.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "Who are you?"  The dining hall suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur showed me several spikes.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat slowly melting.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and stated "The spikes are in the pencil"  The tin man stated "That sucks"  The teacher started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me quickly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny monster with logs all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed for some reason.  The monster gave me some photos.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't happy about it.  The monster said "Why are you so tiny?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the bed.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a house.  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The bed suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with snows coming out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me ran to a church.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a bright man with bags coming out of its arms.  The man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed thinking this would help.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with phones everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the bed.  The scene changed to a airport, with a man carefully shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried thinking this would help.  The man began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large dinosaur with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur gave me some photos.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur went to a bed.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and said "That sucks"  The dog went to a house.  The house suddenly drove to a bed.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow quickly growing much larger.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a blue classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly drove to a church.  A statue came out of nowhere and gave me some bumps.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and went to a house.  The house suddenly showed me several pens.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The house suddenly started shaking.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur grew much larger into thin air.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scarecrow began to throw some mice at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a airport.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The statue began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  The statue stated "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful airport, and I heard a voice say "The cars are in the bug"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  A manager of the airport came out of nowhere and walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of snows.  The person who looked just like me said "Why are you so large?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The person who looked just like me shouted "You must look inside"  I saw a red dog with phones sticking out of its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the house.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  The person who looked just like me shook into nothingness.  

I saw a massive tin man with dogs sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The tin man began to punch me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  The scene changed to a airport, with a leader of the airport wildly crumbling.  The airport suddenly ran to a classroom.  The leader of the airport began to smack me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  A statue showed up and started melting.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with spikes everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the airport.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a church.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and started melting.  The dog began to crumble.  The dog sprinted to a island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  The dog started crumbling.  I saw a pleasant scarecrow with bugs on its tongue.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scarecrow whispered "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a monster gave me some bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the airport.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  The airport suddenly showed me several dogs, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous man with pens all over its legs.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man gave me some phones.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a hideous cat with photos coming out of its tongue.  The man stated "That sucks"  The man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is very childlike"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with bags everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The island suddenly sprinted to a house.  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The house suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to throw some photos at me, but I shot it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and showed me several phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The dog began to grow much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly showed me several pencils.  A monster showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  The beach suddenly said "The dogs are in the cat"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to throw some fruit at me.  The dinosaur began to throw some logs at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I shouted "This is very towering"  The bed suddenly started shaking.  A man showed up and began to punch me.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me showed me several cats.  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster carefully growing much larger.  The airport suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I saw a pale scarecrow with logs coming out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the airport.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and shouted "The dogs are in the insect"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little towering" thinking this would help.  The tin man started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the basement of a church.  A dog came out of nowhere and started melting.  The tin man walked to a classroom.  The dog started to spit out lots of mice.  The tin man started to spit out lots of pens, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stated "This is a little huge"  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The church suddenly stated "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with fires everywhere.  The airport suddenly said "You must look inside"  The airport suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I saw a blue dinosaur with cats all over its toes.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the dining hall.  The dinosaur began to melt, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a monster sprinted to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the snow" thinking this would help.  The island suddenly walked to a basement of a church.  I saw a green leader of the basement of a church with bugs sticking out of its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the island.  The monster gave me some phones.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  The statue ran to a dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the dorm.  The statue drove to a house.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous statue with dogs coming out of its tongue.  The statue drove to a classroom.  The statue said "Why are you so hideous?"  The scene changed to a bed, with a leader of the bed quickly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the classroom.  The statue whispered "The lavas are in the insect"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a large island, and I stated "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry thinking this would help.  The island suddenly went to a bed.  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the bed, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  The basement of a island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly began to melt.  I saw a obscure statue with fires all over its tongue.  The statue began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me gave me some dogs.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with cats everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very large" for some reason.  A teacher came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of glass squares.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the airport.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The teacher crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a blue monster with glass squares coming out of its legs.  The monster sprinted to a beach.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The beach suddenly gave me some fruit.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of cars.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me went to a house.  A dinosaur appeared and started to spit out lots of fires.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant dog with fruit sticking out of its face.  The dog began to throw some cats at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dog walked to a basement of a basement of a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I saw a grotesque director of the basement of a basement of a dining hall with photos all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the basement of a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a blue airport, and I whispered "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I saw a towering leader of the airport with spikes coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the airport saying "You must look inside"  

I was shrinking in height in a hideous dining hall, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some phones at me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red scarecrow with fruit on its eyes.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a childlike house, and I began to crumble.  The house suddenly gave me some snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the house.  The scene changed to a island, with a statue quickly shaking.  The statue whispered "The phones are in the ice"  The statue whispered "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to throw some wooden squares at me.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I yelled at it "This is a little large"  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog quickly growing much larger.  The scarecrow gave me some spikes.  A tin man appeared and began to stand on me.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the beach.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque statue with logs on its back.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a red island, and I began to crumble.  The island suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  The island suddenly began to shoot me.  I saw a childlike monster with phones coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" thinking this would help.  The monster shouted "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic scarecrow with glass squares all over its feet.  The scarecrow ran to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I saw a obscure man with ices coming out of its arms.  The man began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I wasn't concerned.  The bed suddenly began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into the ground.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "This is a little massive"  The statue began to melt.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a director of the classroom absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the classroom.  The director of the classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small dog with spikes coming out of its feet.  The dog began to throw some fires at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a cat wildly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the house.  A monster showed up and began to slap me.  The dog began to sing to me.  The cat began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with mice everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the dining hall.  A cat appeared and began to crumble.  The cat began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly went to a bed.  The cat began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge statue with bumps all over its toes.  The statue walked to a house.  The statue began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something great.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  A monster appeared and began to shake.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a scarecrow said "You must look inside"  The house suddenly began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and began to grow much larger.  The cat began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a graceful dinosaur with photos coming out of its back.  The cat drove to a dorm.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with mice everywhere.  The dorm suddenly began to throw some snows at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the dorm.  I saw a futuristic tin man with glass triangles sticking out of its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The tin man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a hideous monster with fruit sticking out of its mouth.  The monster walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shake.  The monster started to spit out lots of pens.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red scarecrow with bags sticking out of its legs.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I threw some pencils at it and ran away.  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with ices coming out of its mouth.  The tin man began to throw some mice at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" for some reason.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a obscure airport, and I began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the island.  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me slowly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The island suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a small dining hall, and I began to shake.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I saw a enormous cat with fires all over its tongue.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The cat ran to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a statue began to yell at me.  The statue began to crumble.  The island suddenly drove to a classroom.  I saw a huge scarecrow with spikes sticking out of its arms.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  The scarecrow went to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  The statue began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a classroom.  The dining hall suddenly began to jump over me.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shaking in a hideous bed, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a manager of the dining hall began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't concerned.  The manager of the dining hall began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The dining hall suddenly walked to a beach.  The manager of the dining hall shook into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a leader of the island started to spit out lots of insects.  The island suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the island.  I don't know why, but I walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  The leader of the island showed me several cars.  The leader of the island continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The tin man shook into thin air.  

A monster appeared and started shaking.  The monster said "That sucks"  The monster started growing much larger.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque man with bags all over its eyes.  The man said "That sucks"  The man showed me several pencils.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and said "You must look inside"  The man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something terrible.  The man shouted "That sucks"  The man crumbled into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  A man appeared and began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The man shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a pale church, and I wasn't happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher slowly shaking.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  The teacher began to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I was crumbling in a towering bed, and I stopped being worried.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  A cat showed up and began to stand on me.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering teacher with glass squares on its eyes.  The teacher began to throw some snows at me.  The teacher began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of metal squares.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the house.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me melted into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a statue stated "That sucks"  The statue drove to a house.  The statue began to shoot me.  I don't know why, but I went to a island.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the house.  The statue began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and walked to a church.  The cat started to spit out lots of phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a basement of a classroom.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I saw a green dog with mice all over its tongue.  The church suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the church.  The cat ran to a airport, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a man started shaking.  The man said "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the church.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the church.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher gave me some bumps.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the airport.  The teacher began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  A director of the airport appeared and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The director of the airport continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and began to smack me.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man started growing much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a island.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  I saw a pleasant scarecrow with mice sticking out of its back.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster appeared and started shaking.  The monster began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The monster began to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being happy about it.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  A dog showed up and began to stand on me.  The monster whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly began to smack me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and gave me some fruit.  The tin man began to throw some bags at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The tin man started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bumps.  The dog started growing much larger.  The dog began to throw some bugs at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  The dog started melting.  The dog melted into nothingness.  

A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat began to crumble.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a blue dining hall, and I felt slightly nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some fruit.  The dog began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dog whispered "That sucks"  The dog shook into the ground.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The dog shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher slowly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  A cat showed up and went to a house.  The dog began to shoot me.  The cat began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and sprinted to a bed.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The tin man showed me several bumps.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I stopped being scared.  The bed suddenly drove to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the bed.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and said "That sucks"  The man began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a monster began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the house.  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  A scarecrow appeared and started to spit out lots of snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the house.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some wooden triangles at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the bed.  I saw a massive cat with pens sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The cat began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scarecrow started melting.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher carefully shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly went to a airport.  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  The bed suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I saw a large teacher with pens sticking out of its arms.  The teacher sprinted to a classroom.  The teacher began to kick me.  The bed suddenly walked to a airport, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and began to grab me.  The dog sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with logs everywhere.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed thinking this would help.  A teacher showed up and began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the dorm.  The teacher went to a church.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

A man showed up and ran to a church.  The man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the church.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the church.  I saw a childlike dinosaur with pencils coming out of its eyes.  The man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly said "The snows are in the mouse"  The dinosaur shook into the ground.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The teacher gave me some cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale cat with bags sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious for some reason.  The cat began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something great.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow quickly shrinking in height.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I saw a bright man with metal squares coming out of its arms.  The man began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  The man drove to a island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt very worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I saw a blue director of the island with pens all over its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the island.  The director of the island walked to a dining hall.  The man said "The bugs are in the car", and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure statue with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The statue went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several snows.  The statue began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with logs sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow said "You must look inside"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a classroom.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of cats.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and said "The metal squares are in the fire"  The statue began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The statue began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat obscure"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The statue began to stand on me, but I threw some metal triangles at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the bed, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a red church, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the church.  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me carefully shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the house.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher appeared and whispered "The insects are in the spike"  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little red" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and said "The bags are in the snow"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the spike" thinking this would help.  The dog started to spit out lots of pens.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a teacher began to shrink in height.  The church suddenly gave me some fires.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the church.  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a dinosaur slowly shaking.  The dinosaur began to smack me.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something terrible.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the beach, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to crumble.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I was crumbling in a futuristic island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly showed me several pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  A monster showed up and began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the island.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly went to a island.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  The dog began to punch me.  The dog whispered "The insects are in the log"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly gave me some insects.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the church.  The scarecrow started melting.  A monster appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the church.  The church suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a large bed, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and ran to a basement of a dorm.  The scarecrow sprinted to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  A dog came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of snows.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The dog began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the airport, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with lavas everywhere.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the island.  I saw a towering tin man with cats on its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with wooden triangles everywhere.  The bed suddenly went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the bed.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and sprinted to a airport.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale person who looked just like me with insects coming out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bags at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the airport.  I saw a pale tin man with metal squares all over its back.  The airport suddenly gave me some lavas.  The teacher began to throw some fruit at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure man with bugs all over its toes.  The man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is a little tiny"  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The pens are in the snow"  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a basement of a bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the basement of a bed.  A monster came out of nowhere and showed me several fires.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the basement of a bed.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a massive island, and I wasn't concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the island.  The island suddenly gave me some fruit.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a teacher slowly shrinking in height.  The teacher gave me some metal triangles.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a towering basement of a church, and I heard a voice say "The logs are in the log"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the basement of a church.  A teacher came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  The church suddenly ran to a island.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the basement of a church, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a cat shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the beach.  The beach suddenly stated "Why are you so massive?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt a little relaxed.  The cat began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is very bright"  The beach suddenly gave me some insects.  The cat shook into thin air.  

I saw a enormous cat with bumps on its face.  The cat began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The cat began to smack me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the house.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with ices everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I wasn't afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure statue with bags all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the beach.  I saw a enormous monster with cats all over its mouth.  The monster began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The man began to throw some metal squares at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a teacher began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the island.  The teacher began to grab me.  A tin man came out of nowhere and whispered "Why are you so graceful?"  The island suddenly began to smack me.  The teacher began to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The pencils are in the lava"  

I was growing much larger in a towering basement of a house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly gave me some bumps.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the basement of a house.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a person who looked just like me quickly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a house.  The house suddenly said "The bumps are in the bug"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  A scarecrow showed up and started melting.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The scarecrow showed me several fires.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a tin man began to crumble.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The tin man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I saw a pale scarecrow with logs on its tongue.  The island suddenly began to yell at me.  The tin man began to slap me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  The scarecrow began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the house.  A cat showed up and began to stand on me.  The house suddenly said "You must look inside"  The cat started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man began to sing to me.  The tin man began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The tin man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the basement of a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic monster with bumps on its back.  The monster began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the photo" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being afraid.  The monster gave me some mice.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic man with fruit coming out of its tongue.  The man stated "Why are you so futuristic?"  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt slightly nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and said "You must look inside"  The teacher began to crumble.  The teacher said "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a island, with a cat quickly shaking.  The teacher began to smack me.  I saw a obscure dog with bags all over its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the island.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike monster with logs all over its toes.  The monster started melting.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the house.  I saw a hideous dog with insects all over its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the house.  The monster drove to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The snows are in the car"  

I saw a bright dinosaur with metal triangles sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur showed me several cats.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a island.  The island suddenly began to shoot me.  I saw a childlike dog with dogs all over its toes.  The island suddenly began to melt.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure teacher with bags all over its feet.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The teacher began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The person who looked just like me walked to a basement of a basement of a airport.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of phones.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  I saw a huge dog with fires on its feet.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the basement of a airport.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with ices everywhere.  The dorm suddenly gave me some pencils.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I wasn't worried.  The dorm suddenly ran to a beach.  The dorm suddenly went to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me shook into nothingness.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the airport.  I saw a grotesque scarecrow with glass triangles all over its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The statue began to melt.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was crumbling in a blue beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?"  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the beach.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the beach, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a bed.  The classroom suddenly showed me several bags.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure man with pencils coming out of its face.  The man began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "This is a little towering"  The man began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to crumble.  The man stated "You must look inside"  I saw a huge scarecrow with glass triangles on its mouth.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a cat began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the island.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a statue quickly melting.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the house.  A statue showed up and started to spit out lots of bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny tin man with bugs sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The tin man started melting.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the island.  The island suddenly started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

A man appeared and began to shake.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  The man shouted "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a airport.  The man started crumbling.  A statue appeared and walked to a church.  The statue began to punch me.  The statue began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the airport, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive statue with glass triangles all over its back.  The statue drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt slightly angry.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous statue with bumps sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The statue walked to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

A statue appeared and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The statue drove to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The monster crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a manager of the bed slowly shaking.  The bed suddenly whispered "Why are you so massive?"  The manager of the bed began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The manager of the bed continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster showed up and said "You must look inside"  The monster began to grow much larger.  The monster began to punch me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the house.  I saw a red dog with photos on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little towering" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the house.  The house suddenly showed me several insects, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering teacher with spikes sticking out of its back.  The teacher began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The teacher began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The cat sprinted to a airport.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The cat began to shoot me.  The dorm suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The cat shrunk in height into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a airport.  The island suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the island.  The scene changed to a church, with a manager of the church slowly shrinking in height.  The manager of the church began to take a photo of me, but I threw some fruit at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the church.  The manager of the church continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and started melting.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The cat began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The cat began to throw some cats at me, but I threw some fruit at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with glass triangles everywhere.  The house suddenly began to melt.  The house suddenly began to shake.  A manager of the house appeared and sprinted to a bed.  The house suddenly showed me several dogs.  The manager of the house began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher appeared and stated "That sucks"  The teacher began to smack me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The teacher walked to a classroom.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

I saw a huge tin man with fires sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering statue with dogs coming out of its eyes.  The statue began to punch me, but I screamed at it "This is a little green"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dog came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  The dog started shaking.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so green?"  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a leader of the beach started to spit out lots of pens.  The beach suddenly showed me several cats.  The leader of the beach stated "You must look inside"  I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with fruit coming out of its toes.  The beach suddenly shouted "The wooden triangles are in the log"  The leader of the beach began to shrink in height.  The leader of the beach continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful cat with insects sticking out of its eyes.  The cat began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The cat began to stand on me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The cat shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the island.  The scarecrow showed me several bumps.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the house.  The house suddenly said "That sucks"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering tin man with glass triangles on its arms.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a red classroom, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The classroom suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the basement of a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny man with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to throw some pens at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "This is very hideous"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The man began to throw some spikes at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and whispered "You must look inside"  The statue began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The statue began to throw some bags at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a house.  The statue began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  A director of the house showed up and began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the house.  The statue began to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the dining hall.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a basement of a island.  I saw a obscure man with fruit all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a blue dorm, and I said "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely grotesque" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt very furious.  The beach suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the beach.  The airport suddenly ran to a basement of a dining hall.  The scene changed to a island, with a cat carefully melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with pencils everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me shook into the ground.  

I saw a childlike dog with bags all over its back.  The dog started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a man slowly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the airport.  The dog stated "You must look inside"  The man shook into nothingness.  

A scarecrow appeared and started melting.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a beach when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The basement of a beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The man started growing much larger.  A scarecrow showed up and started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  The basement of a beach suddenly started melting.  The basement of a beach suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and started growing much larger.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur gave me some dogs.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the house.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a bed, with a man slowly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the basement of a basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure teacher with insects sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The teacher began to throw some pens at me, but I threw some wooden squares at it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small dinosaur with spikes on its mouth.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into the ground.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of dogs.  The scarecrow began to throw some ices at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scarecrow started melting.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with ices everywhere.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a obscure dog with cats coming out of its tongue.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the house.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

A tin man appeared and started melting.  The tin man began to throw some dogs at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't know why, but I went to a beach.  The beach suddenly ran to a church.  A monster came out of nowhere and gave me some snows.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with insects everywhere.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a airport, and I whispered "I want to melt"  The basement of a basement of a airport suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the basement of a airport, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dinosaur drove to a classroom, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and shouted "The metal triangles are in the insect"  The man started shaking.  The man walked to a church.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  The man began to yell at me.  I saw a large dinosaur with bumps coming out of its legs.  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the log" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small teacher with ices on its legs.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some phones at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so massive?"  

I was melting in a enormous church, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the church.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly whispered "Why are you so enormous?"  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to sing to me.  The man began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely huge"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive teacher with phones sticking out of its back.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The teacher drove to a church.  The teacher melted into the ground.  

I saw a large dog with dogs sticking out of its mouth.  The dog began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely bright"  The dog ran to a island.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and began to shoot me.  The dog began to shake.  The dog began to throw some pencils at me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a church.  The dog ran to a house.  The dog whispered "The bugs are in the snow"  The dog grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a green monster with bags sticking out of its back.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some metal squares.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The pencils are in the bug"  

I saw a hideous cat with mice all over its face.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The cat started crumbling.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a bed.  The bed suddenly walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly gave me some logs.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous monster with cats coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  The monster whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The fires are in the pen"  

A tin man appeared and started shaking.  The tin man shouted "You must look inside"  The tin man went to a bed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The tin man began to sing to me.  I saw a large dinosaur with bags all over its feet.  The tin man began to throw some mice at me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The tin man began to throw some bumps at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur walked to a beach, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the house.  The house suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher shook into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with lavas everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to grab me.  A dog came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dog gave me some bumps.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the bed.  The dog started to spit out lots of cars, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and whispered "The bugs are in the pen"  The dinosaur whispered "The bumps are in the car"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a beach.  The dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  A teacher came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright man with metal triangles all over its back.  The man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The man began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stated "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dining hall.  The man went to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so grotesque?"  

I saw a massive dog with pencils all over its face.  The dog began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue carefully crumbling.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike dog with snows all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dog began to kick me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stated "What's going on?"  The church suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The church suddenly started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a green airport, and I said "Hello?"  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of metal squares.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the airport.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque house, and I stopped being afraid.  The house suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly began to melt.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher carefully shaking.  The house suddenly began to shoot me.  The teacher began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a church when all of a sudden a teacher started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the church.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a pale director of the basement of a church with snows coming out of its feet.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The church suddenly started melting.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a huge bed, and I whispered "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the basement of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with fruit all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green scarecrow with spikes coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the phone" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and drove to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the beach.  The statue started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The logs are in the spike"  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The statue walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a tin man wildly shaking.  The dining hall suddenly began to jump over me.  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with fruit all over its tongue.  The statue drove to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with pens all over its toes.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of bumps.  The person who looked just like me showed me several pencils.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  The person who looked just like me showed me several snows.  I saw a large statue with phones sticking out of its tongue.  The statue stated "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque statue with cats coming out of its tongue.  The statue began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The statue began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful teacher with phones coming out of its legs.  The teacher whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The teacher shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with photos all over its back.  The person who looked just like me walked to a beach.  The beach suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a church, with a man quickly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the church.  A dog appeared and went to a dining hall.  The dog drove to a classroom.  The beach suddenly showed me several fires.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure scarecrow with mice coming out of its toes.  The scarecrow said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a statue ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The statue started shaking.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic monster with cats coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The monster began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge monster with lavas coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The monster began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the church.  I saw a blue statue with cars sticking out of its tongue.  The church suddenly gave me some bags.  The statue sprinted to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shrinking in height in a massive dining hall, and I said "Hello?"  The dining hall suddenly showed me several cars.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the dining hall.  A dog showed up and started to spit out lots of fires.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so towering?"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The tin man began to throw some phones at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The tin man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale dinosaur with fruit all over its tongue.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  The dinosaur walked to a island.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so pale?"  

I saw a graceful monster with fires sticking out of its arms.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The monster began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The monster shouted "You must look inside"  I saw a large director of the house with pens all over its feet.  The monster started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic teacher with pens all over its tongue.  The teacher drove to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with phones on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is very blue"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  The scarecrow gave me some wooden triangles.  I saw a bright statue with bugs on its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the church.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The statue grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with spikes all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The dinosaur ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The dinosaur gave me some metal squares.  The dinosaur stated "That sucks"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with photos everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the beach.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the beach.  The house suddenly gave me some logs.  The beach suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque tin man with bumps all over its face.  The tin man went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly gave me some wooden squares.  The bed suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the bed, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  The airport suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  A man showed up and showed me several pens.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The man began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a towering bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly sprinted to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to kick me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the dorm.  The airport suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with logs coming out of its feet.  The dinosaur ran to a airport.  The dinosaur whispered "Why are you so childlike?"  The airport suddenly began to punch me, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and began to smack me.  The cat began to melt.  The cat began to throw some pens at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shake.  The cat began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away.  A man appeared and began to jump over me.  The cat began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a graceful beach, and I wasn't scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a enormous manager of the beach with bumps all over its tongue.  The manager of the beach began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The manager of the beach began to throw some metal squares at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat began to kick me.  The cat began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt slightly relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the island.  The island suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue tin man with bags all over its eyes.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The tin man began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is very towering"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster wildly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the dining hall.  The monster began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so pale?"  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a statue began to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the airport.  The statue started crumbling.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so towering?"  

I was growing much larger in a small airport, and I shouted "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small tin man with metal squares on its eyes.  The tin man began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The tin man melted into nothingness.  

I saw a small teacher with dogs all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The teacher walked to a church.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat wildly melting.  The teacher ran to a dining hall.  I saw a hideous monster with ices on its arms.  The cat began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The monster began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a basement of a island.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive dog with fruit on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The dog began to grow much larger.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a monster showed me several glass triangles.  The monster gave me some snows.  The monster began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I saw a obscure tin man with spikes on its face.  The house suddenly shouted "Why are you so obscure?"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The teacher whispered "The snows are in the wooden square"  The teacher shook into the ground.  

A teacher showed up and began to grab me.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I said "Who are you?"  The teacher began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The teacher began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the beach.  I saw a massive statue with dogs sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly said "The mice are in the fire"  The beach suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with fruit everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the dorm.  A statue came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of snows.  The statue whispered "Why are you so towering?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny teacher with mice on its toes.  The teacher began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The teacher showed me several bugs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I said "This is a little green"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the airport.  The teacher crumbled into nothingness.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and ran to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't worried.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a towering dorm, and I felt a little nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the dorm.  A man appeared and drove to a island.  The man stated "You must look inside"  The man began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The man shrunk in height into thin air.  

My family and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange basement of a island on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the bag" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the church.  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with fires all over its mouth.  The person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with glass squares on its legs.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of cars.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous thinking this would help.  I saw a green cat with pens sticking out of its mouth.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The person who looked just like me shouted "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and gave me some cats.  The teacher began to shake.  The teacher began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the basement of a dining hall.  The teacher began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dog started shrinking in height.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  The dog started crumbling.  A man came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The man started melting.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the church.  I saw a enormous dinosaur with metal squares all over its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the beach.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a dinosaur gave me some mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  A teacher showed up and said "You must look inside"  The dinosaur drove to a dorm.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The teacher began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a basement of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the basement of a beach.  A statue appeared and started to spit out lots of insects.  The statue began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the basement of a beach.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a bright dog with logs all over its feet.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  The dog started shaking.  The dog stated "That sucks"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and ran to a house.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't worried.  The house suddenly began to melt.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with cats everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" thinking this would help.  I saw a futuristic dinosaur with mice coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to melt.  The dinosaur began to throw some snows at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I saw a massive teacher with photos coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a island.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  The teacher shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a large man with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass triangles at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the bed.  The man started growing much larger.  The man melted into thin air.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a man whispered "That sucks"  The man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  The man began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to throw some phones at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had done something helpful thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with fruit all over its toes.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dinosaur sprinted to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The dog began to throw some ices at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a church.  The church suddenly shouted "The bugs are in the metal square"  The church suddenly started melting.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with pens everywhere.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  I saw a pale scarecrow with bumps all over its back.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the beach.  The scarecrow crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a childlike man with fires on its eyes.  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The man began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a tiny island, and I wasn't worried.  The island suddenly began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I drove to a basement of a house.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the island.  The island suddenly showed me several fruit, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the house.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  A tin man appeared and began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the airport.  The tin man began to shoot me.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of photos, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a bright dining hall, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "The lavas are in the wooden triangle"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is somewhat towering" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly said "Why are you so towering?"  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and gave me some pens.  The man sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly started shaking.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the island.  The man began to punch me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red monster with dogs coming out of its eyes.  The monster began to jump over me.  The monster began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I said "Hello?"  The monster began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the basement of a classroom.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a bed.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the dining hall.  I saw a red dinosaur with glass triangles sticking out of its back.  The bed suddenly went to a dorm.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

A cat showed up and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The cat began to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The cat began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I saw a obscure dinosaur with bags coming out of its legs.  The cat sprinted to a house.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and walked to a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I stopped being afraid.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a red manager of the basement of a dining hall with cars all over its toes.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The basement of a classroom suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a towering dorm, and I felt a little relaxed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I whispered "This is a little hideous"  The island suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a statue began to melt.  The statue began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something satisfying.  The statue began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  I saw a enormous dog with bugs all over its legs.  The dog began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The statue began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm melting in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a cat started shrinking in height.  The cat began to smack me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't scared.  The cat started growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright scarecrow with ices coming out of its toes.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a island, with a statue wildly crumbling.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scarecrow grew much larger into thin air.  

A tin man appeared and began to shrink in height.  The tin man went to a house.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to shake.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  A teacher appeared and began to slap me.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The bed suddenly began to throw some ices at me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with pens sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur said "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  The dinosaur showed me several dogs.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful man with lavas sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Why are you so graceful?"  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a large monster with cats sticking out of its feet.  The monster gave me some lavas.  The monster stated "You must look inside"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the dining hall.  A director of the dining hall came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The director of the dining hall showed me several pencils.  The monster began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with glass squares coming out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me stated "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man slowly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the bed.  A dinosaur showed up and started shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly walked to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the dorm.  The bed suddenly said "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the bed, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The cat began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The cat began to crumble.  The scene changed to a beach, with a man absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I saw a tiny tin man with cars on its face.  The man showed me several spikes.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly began to throw some pens at me, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and went to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The cat gave me some insects.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the bed.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A statue appeared and started growing much larger.  The statue began to smack me.  The statue ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the dorm.  I saw a tiny monster with fruit coming out of its legs.  The monster began to throw some dogs at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a man started shrinking in height.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  The church suddenly walked to a beach.  I saw a graceful manager of the beach with logs on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the beach saying "You must look inside"  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow wildly melting.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scarecrow drove to a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering teacher with snows on its legs.  The teacher began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a statue slowly growing much larger.  The statue shouted "That sucks"  A manager of the island came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the island.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The manager of the island began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and whispered "The photos are in the lava"  The tin man started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a small classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the classroom.  The dorm suddenly stated "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

I was melting in a huge dining hall, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a hideous monster with glass squares on its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a pleasant basement of a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly whispered "The spikes are in the phone"  A leader of the dorm came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the basement of a dorm.  The leader of the dorm began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a large man with mice coming out of its legs.  The man said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly gave me some bags.  I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with bumps coming out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The man went to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the airport, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange beach with cats everywhere.  The basement of a beach suddenly gave me some metal squares.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the basement of a beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful classroom, and I felt slightly relaxed.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The scarecrow began to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I said "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the bed.  The scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and started shaking.  The cat began to shake.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the church.  A dinosaur showed up and said "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "This is a little enormous"  The person who looked just like me started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur showed me several ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the house.  The dinosaur began to throw some bags at me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  A dog showed up and began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the house.  The dinosaur sprinted to a bed.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The scarecrow ran to a bed.  The scarecrow went to a island.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a monster wildly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The island suddenly began to shake.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a basement of a basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the church.  The church suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dog carefully crumbling.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dog started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with pencils everywhere.  The island suddenly began to shake.  The island suddenly gave me some pens.  A dinosaur appeared and began to shoot me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I threw some spikes at it and ran away.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and began to slap me.  The statue began to throw some logs at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stated "This is a little pleasant"  The statue sprinted to a island.  I saw a towering monster with lavas sticking out of its face.  The statue began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous man with spikes all over its eyes.  The man said "That sucks"  The man began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  I saw a large cat with fires on its tongue.  The cat began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The house suddenly walked to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with pens on its mouth.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the beach.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny man with lavas sticking out of its face.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass triangles are in the bug" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the airport.  I saw a futuristic cat with bumps sticking out of its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shaking in a bright house, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "Hello?"  The beach suddenly said "Why are you so bright?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the house.  The beach suddenly began to crumble, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a classroom.  The airport suddenly stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the classroom.  I saw a obscure monster with pens sticking out of its toes.  The monster began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with cats on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Why are you so red?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly stated "That sucks"  The house suddenly started melting.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a classroom when all of a sudden a cat started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The classroom suddenly began to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the classroom.  The cat shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I was melting in a large dorm, and I heard a voice say "The cars are in the mouse"  The dorm suddenly began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly walked to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a tiny church, and I wasn't scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the church.  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike tin man with spikes on its back.  The tin man started growing much larger.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a teacher wildly melting.  The teacher began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is a little tiny"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the house.  The basement of a house suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a pale church, and I felt very content.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I stopped being scared.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a small church, and I wasn't concerned.  The church suddenly gave me some spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The statue started shaking.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I threw some cats at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and started growing much larger.  The tin man started to spit out lots of phones.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and whispered "The fires are in the mouse"  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dog began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow gave me some fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow showed me several cats.  I don't know why, but I went to a house.  The scarecrow shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small teacher with logs coming out of its mouth.  The teacher began to slap me.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a futuristic island, and I stopped being worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly went to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with metal triangles all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the basement of a classroom.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of logs.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The man sprinted to a dining hall.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a house.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I saw a large cat with glass squares on its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The man shook into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with cats everywhere.  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the beach.  A dog showed up and began to shake.  The dog started melting.  The dog began to crumble.  The dog shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to punch me.  The church suddenly began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the church.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a small bed, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started melting.  A scarecrow showed up and gave me some bugs.  The scarecrow began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I shouted at it "This is very graceful"  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had accomplished something great thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with bags everywhere.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a childlike dog with photos all over its legs.  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a large airport, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the airport.  The airport suddenly gave me some snows.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly sprinted to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the house, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering statue with bags coming out of its eyes.  The statue began to yell at me.  The statue began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so huge?"  

I saw a pale monster with fruit sticking out of its face.  The monster stated "The bumps are in the insect"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shake" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt very worried.  The monster began to grow much larger.  I saw a futuristic teacher with phones coming out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the dining hall.  The monster drove to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started melting.  The dog went to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to grow much larger.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The church suddenly drove to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a graceful island, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with logs on its tongue.  The dinosaur whispered "Why are you so towering?"  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster slowly melting.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The tin man stated "You must look inside"  The tin man began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and began to shake.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The cat began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The cat shrunk in height into the ground.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified for some reason.  The teacher grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a leader of the island started to spit out lots of cars.  The island suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  The leader of the island began to throw some insects at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The leader of the island began to shoot me.  The leader of the island continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The cat began to smack me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The cat began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me slowly shrinking in height.  The island suddenly showed me several logs.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I threw some fruit at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so graceful?"  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with lavas everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to sing to me.  A teacher appeared and showed me several insects.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the bed.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a massive dorm, and I stated "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue absent-mindedly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  A dinosaur showed up and started melting.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the bed, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a red island, and I wasn't concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed for some reason.  The island suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a airport.  The island suddenly ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous man with insects coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little bright" thinking this would help.  The man began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and ran to a dorm.  The teacher showed me several metal triangles.  The teacher shouted "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a house, with a scarecrow wildly growing much larger.  The house suddenly went to a classroom.  A monster appeared and began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the dorm.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with phones sticking out of its eyes.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat pleasant"  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I heard a voice say "The ices are in the photo"  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur grew much larger into nothingness.  

I was melting in a childlike dorm, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the pencil" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  A leader of the airport appeared and began to grow much larger.  The leader of the airport started crumbling.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green dinosaur with bags all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The dinosaur walked to a beach.  The beach suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I saw a towering statue with cars on its toes.  The statue began to shake.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a basement of a basement of a church.  The basement of a basement of a church suddenly started crumbling.  A teacher appeared and began to grow much larger.  The teacher showed me several cats.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a leader of the church began to kick me.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  The leader of the church went to a house.  A director of the church came out of nowhere and whispered "The ices are in the insect"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The wooden squares are in the dog" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the house.  The director of the church continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with logs coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to melt.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a beach.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I threw some metal triangles at it and ran away.  A monster appeared and began to shake.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the wooden square" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a cat ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the dining hall.  The island suddenly began to jump over me.  I saw a tiny tin man with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a statue began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small dinosaur with glass triangles sticking out of its feet.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely pleasant"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat blue"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to throw some cars at me.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow walked to a beach.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue quickly crumbling.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I saw a hideous dinosaur with bags all over its back.  The statue said "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow ran to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me stated "The photos are in the log"  I saw a large monster with spikes sticking out of its face.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with spikes coming out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some lavas at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and showed me several wooden squares.  The tin man drove to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt a little furious.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the dorm.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and started shrinking in height.  The man began to grow much larger.  The man drove to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to crumble.  The man began to melt.  The dog began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to sing to me.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic monster with bags on its mouth.  The monster began to throw some glass squares at me.  The monster shouted "Why are you so red?"  The scene changed to a house, with a manager of the house slowly shrinking in height.  The house suddenly sprinted to a beach.  I saw a obscure tin man with fruit sticking out of its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the house.  The beach suddenly ran to a church.  The manager of the house continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with fruit everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly stated "The bugs are in the bump", and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny dog with logs all over its toes.  The dog began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat grotesque"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The dog showed me several glass squares.  The dog began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster quickly shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the church.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A man came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The man drove to a house.  The man began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering teacher with metal squares coming out of its tongue.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher gave me some wooden squares.  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a tin man carefully growing much larger.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly whispered "Why are you so obscure?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the dining hall.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure cat with ices coming out of its tongue.  The cat started to spit out lots of cats.  The cat began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The cat shook into thin air.  

I saw a hideous scarecrow with bags all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content for some reason.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a cat stated "You must look inside"  The island suddenly started melting.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the island.  The cat melted into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with snows everywhere.  The island suddenly walked to a dining hall.  The island suddenly said "The dogs are in the lava"  A scarecrow showed up and started to spit out lots of cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The scarecrow started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange basement of a bed with dogs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly showed me several bags.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me carefully shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large monster with dogs sticking out of its arms.  The monster began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a man slowly growing much larger.  The church suddenly began to yell at me.  I saw a pleasant scarecrow with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  The scarecrow began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a childlike house, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the house.  I saw a futuristic statue with cats coming out of its toes.  The statue shouted "The bugs are in the snow"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the house.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a red beach, and I began to shrink in height.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the ice" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a bed.  The beach suddenly went to a basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is extremely towering" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of bumps.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  The person who looked just like me stated "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque tin man with pens sticking out of its eyes.  The tin man began to take a photo of me.  The tin man began to crumble.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some metal squares at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is somewhat hideous" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so enormous?"  

I saw a towering scarecrow with fruit on its face.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow drove to a beach.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  A monster appeared and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The monster began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the beach, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with logs everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a beach.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had accomplished something wrong for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and showed me several cars.  The cat sprinted to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the basement of a house.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster carefully shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly said "The lavas are in the pencil"  I saw a hideous dinosaur with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something terrible.  The cat began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale person who looked just like me with dogs all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a house.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and showed me several mice.  The man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A dog appeared and began to crumble.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to throw some fruit at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous scarecrow with cars coming out of its arms.  The scarecrow walked to a church.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the airport.  A manager of the church appeared and said "Why are you so enormous?"  The scarecrow ran to a island.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something helpful.  The airport suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and began to slap me.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The teacher started to spit out lots of ices.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue carefully crumbling.  The teacher walked to a dining hall.  A dog showed up and began to jump over me.  The dog began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with cars everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The house suddenly walked to a basement of a bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The basement of a bed suddenly started melting.  The house suddenly began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous scarecrow with bags coming out of its legs.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I saw a towering statue with logs all over its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with logs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had accomplished something wrong for some reason.  The island suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher quickly melting.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering cat with spikes all over its back.  The cat started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The cat began to crumble, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive teacher with logs on its back.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The teacher whispered "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't afraid.  The teacher began to melt.  I saw a blue cat with bumps coming out of its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the church.  The church suddenly began to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a leader of the airport said "The logs are in the fire"  The leader of the airport began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The leader of the airport began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with pencils sticking out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the airport.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful dog with lavas on its tongue.  The dog whispered "The photos are in the lava"  The dog began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a man started shaking.  The dorm suddenly stated "The bugs are in the fruit"  The man started growing much larger.  A statue came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of mice.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the dorm.  The man crumbled into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange basement of a house on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The basement of a house suddenly ran to a beach.  I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with mice coming out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the basement of a house.  The house suddenly drove to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I was crumbling in a childlike classroom, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the church.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a man sprinted to a dining hall.  The church suddenly ran to a dorm.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  A leader of the dining hall came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the dorm.  The man began to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with cats coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur started melting.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with metal squares everywhere.  The dorm suddenly gave me some lavas.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to crumble.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a cat gave me some fires.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the church.  The cat started to spit out lots of bugs.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow showed me several logs.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I was melting in a red dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is somewhat grotesque" thinking this would help.  I saw a futuristic cat with pens sticking out of its eyes.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a dorm.  The cat gave me some metal triangles.  The cat shook into thin air.  

I was crumbling in a tiny basement of a classroom, and I wasn't worried.  The classroom suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  I saw a red dinosaur with photos sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A monster appeared and started melting.  The monster began to stand on me.  The monster walked to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and started shaking.  The dog began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the insect" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I walked to a island.  The dog began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I tried to get it to throw some pens at me.  I saw a huge teacher with wooden triangles sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

I saw a grotesque man with dogs on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The man started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The cat began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow wildly growing much larger.  The cat started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small cat with fires sticking out of its face.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The cat began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dorm.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I saw a blue manager of the dorm with glass squares coming out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the dorm.  The manager of the dorm began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The manager of the dorm continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  I saw a tiny cat with mice sticking out of its legs.  The cat began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with logs sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a bright beach, and I heard a voice say "The insects are in the photo"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly drove to a airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the airport, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with insects everywhere.  The church suddenly began to yell at me.  The church suddenly ran to a island.  I saw a red dinosaur with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large cat with phones coming out of its face.  The cat began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The cat began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a house.  The cat started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the house.  The cat melted into thin air.  

A monster appeared and whispered "That sucks"  The monster showed me several photos.  The monster showed me several metal triangles.  The monster shook into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with fires everywhere.  The dorm suddenly showed me several phones.  The dorm suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man absent-mindedly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the island, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a blue house, and I began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  I don't know why, but I ran to a bed.  The house suddenly began to melt.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange basement of a classroom with fires everywhere.  The classroom suddenly showed me several lavas.  The basement of a classroom suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a futuristic tin man with cats coming out of its face.  The tin man began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the basement of a classroom.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a small dog with snows sticking out of its toes.  The dog began to shoot me.  The dog began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I saw a bright man with bags all over its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to kick me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The teacher began to crumble.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a teacher whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I saw a grotesque manager of the house with wooden squares sticking out of its tongue.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large person who looked just like me with fires all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of logs.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some ices at me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  The dorm suddenly went to a house, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with insects everywhere.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with photos all over its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me ran to a church.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and began to smack me.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The tin man started to spit out lots of logs.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  The dining hall suddenly went to a basement of a airport, and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The tin man began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The tin man started to spit out lots of cats.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a leader of the dorm carefully crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the dorm.  I saw a blue dinosaur with mice sticking out of its toes.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so blue?"  

I saw a obscure cat with cats on its tongue.  The cat showed me several cars.  The cat began to slap me, but I shouted at it "This is a little blue"  The scene changed to a beach, with a manager of the beach carefully shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly gave me some photos.  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with bags on its feet.  The person who looked just like me shouted "That sucks"  The cat started to spit out lots of insects.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a small beach, and I wasn't concerned.  The beach suddenly drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the classroom.  I saw a enormous statue with pencils sticking out of its tongue.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with bags everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the basement of a airport.  The airport suddenly began to throw some snows at me.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dining hall.  The scarecrow began to kick me.  A tin man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the dining hall.  The tin man began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with bugs everywhere.  The island suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the island.  I saw a enormous director of the island with snows coming out of its toes.  The director of the island stated "That sucks"  The island suddenly drove to a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with bugs everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the dining hall.  A monster appeared and said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly began to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The photos are in the dog"  

I saw a green tin man with insects on its tongue.  The tin man began to slap me, but I threw some logs at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the house.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something satisfying.  The tin man crumbled into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a statue began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me wildly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The statue started shaking, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the beach.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly drove to a island.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a monster said "The lavas are in the cat"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the house.  The monster started growing much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The cat showed me several lavas.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher appeared and drove to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the airport.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with bumps sticking out of its legs.  The dinosaur said "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  The dinosaur went to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I wasn't worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the classroom.  A teacher came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of pens.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a small airport, and I began to crumble.  The airport suddenly shouted "The pens are in the bag"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the airport.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me slowly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster began to slap me.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The dorm suddenly gave me some cats.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog wildly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The monster began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and walked to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the dorm.  The statue whispered "That sucks"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a man began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the basement of a house.  A teacher showed up and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The man began to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with photos on its arms.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  The dinosaur began to throw some phones at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A teacher appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The teacher began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The dinosaur sprinted to a house.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of spikes.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  A scarecrow appeared and started crumbling.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the basement of a beach.  The cat ran to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and ran to a beach.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I saw a towering dog with metal triangles on its tongue.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the dorm.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and started to spit out lots of bags.  The statue started to spit out lots of fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog slowly shaking.  The statue whispered "That sucks"  A dinosaur showed up and began to shake.  The dinosaur stated "The phones are in the bag"  The statue began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly began to melt.  The basement of a island suddenly said "The dogs are in the cat"  I saw a tiny scarecrow with snows all over its feet.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur wildly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The tin man began to throw some spikes at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat quickly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the church.  A man came out of nowhere and drove to a bed.  The bed suddenly went to a beach.  The cat whispered "That sucks"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and shouted "That sucks"  The dinosaur said "You must look inside"  The dinosaur whispered "Why are you so small?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me carefully shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the dorm.  I saw a large cat with mice sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely content for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a bed.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the beach.  A statue appeared and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The beach suddenly said "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The fires are in the car"  

A tin man appeared and ran to a house.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and ran to a house.  The statue began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The house suddenly began to smack me.  The statue said "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a towering dog with spikes all over its legs.  The dog began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dog melted into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a island.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of glass squares.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The island suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a manager of the airport began to grow much larger.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a bright man with bugs coming out of its back.  The man began to melt.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale monster with cars coming out of its arms.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The monster grew much larger into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The person who looked just like me ran to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a small airport, and I wasn't worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the airport.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the dorm.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a green dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the dorm.  I saw a enormous scarecrow with spikes on its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with bumps everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried for some reason.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher wildly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a basement of a classroom.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  A monster showed up and began to punch me.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The house suddenly showed me several ices.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and gave me some cats.  The man ran to a church.  The man began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the lava" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to jump over me.  The dog began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The cars are in the wooden triangle"  

A monster showed up and went to a bed.  The monster began to slap me.  The monster gave me some bugs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the bed.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and gave me some bags.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the airport.  The airport suddenly gave me some bags.  A tin man appeared and began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is a little blue"  The tin man started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The cats are in the fire"  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue began to sing to me.  The statue began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster slowly crumbling.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a enormous bed, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little anxious for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some dogs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a scarecrow slowly shaking.  The scarecrow went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stated "What's going on?"  The basement of a dining hall suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large dinosaur with lavas all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so red?"  

I was shaking in a pleasant basement of a basement of a bed, and I felt slightly relaxed.  The basement of a basement of a bed suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the bed.  A cat came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The cat began to throw some ices at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a massive dinosaur with ices coming out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a green dining hall, and I felt a little worried.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the dining hall.  A man came out of nowhere and shouted "Why are you so massive?"  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The man walked to a basement of a beach.  The man crumbled into the ground.  

A tin man showed up and began to slap me.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The tin man walked to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red man with bumps coming out of its eyes.  The man began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something satisfying.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dorm.  The man started shrinking in height.  I saw a childlike scarecrow with phones coming out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the dorm.  The scarecrow walked to a house.  The scarecrow grew much larger into nothingness.  

A man showed up and started crumbling.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The man began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The man showed me several wooden triangles.  I saw a pleasant monster with insects coming out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the beach.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man shook into nothingness.  

I saw a bright teacher with photos on its tongue.  The teacher began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The teacher whispered "You must look inside"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The teacher crumbled into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and stated "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me gave me some mice.  The person who looked just like me drove to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a bed, and I began to shake.  The person who looked just like me said "The wooden squares are in the bag"  A monster showed up and walked to a island.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of phones.  The bed suddenly ran to a beach.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with dogs sticking out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some fires at me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I whispered "I want to grow much larger"  The beach suddenly went to a bed.  A manager of the beach appeared and gave me some mice.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the beach.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur appeared and drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly began to shake.  I saw a hideous tin man with photos sticking out of its back.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The tin man began to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with fires everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried for some reason.  A tin man showed up and began to smack me.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The tin man began to throw some snows at me, but I yelled at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man stated "Why are you so huge?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat red"  The island suddenly gave me some logs.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red teacher with bugs all over its tongue.  The teacher began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The teacher began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and gave me some insects.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several fires.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with ices all over its face.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur started melting.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the airport.  I saw a large teacher with spikes coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the airport.  The teacher ran to a bed, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is somewhat graceful" for some reason.  The island suddenly began to kick me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the basement of a dorm.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the basement of a dorm, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog said "The fruit are in the photo"  The dog began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dog started shaking.  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a scarecrow slowly melting.  The dog shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely content for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and began to throw some cats at me.  The man began to shrink in height.  The man began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The man began to crumble, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering tin man with bags coming out of its tongue.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man started shaking.  The tin man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dinosaur walked to a island.  The scene changed to a bed, with a director of the island slowly melting.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  The bed suddenly went to a house.  The dinosaur shook into thin air.  

A dog appeared and went to a classroom.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly gave me some pencils.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dog began to throw some bumps at me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely blue"  The bed suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a house.  A dinosaur showed up and began to yell at me.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the house.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a childlike man with dogs sticking out of its legs.  The man began to throw some ices at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The man began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me carefully melting.  The person who looked just like me went to a beach.  A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several bags.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the house.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a small scarecrow with fires all over its legs.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow shouted "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with phones everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with dogs on its eyes.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a monster wildly crumbling.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The scarecrow shouted "The spikes are in the dog"  The house suddenly began to crumble, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a classroom.  The dorm suddenly drove to a island.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the classroom.  The airport suddenly gave me some wooden squares.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright teacher with fruit all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  The church suddenly stated "That sucks"  The teacher shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster showed up and sprinted to a island.  The monster said "The snows are in the snow"  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a church.  The monster began to punch me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  I saw a green scarecrow with cats coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry for some reason.  The monster shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a tiny tin man with wooden triangles sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the spike" for some reason.  The tin man began to punch me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic monster with glass squares on its mouth.  The monster said "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to yell at me.  The scene changed to a island, with a dog absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The monster began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  A man appeared and began to melt.  The man began to throw some bumps at me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a green man with cars sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to grab me.  The man started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't worried.  The man walked to a house.  I saw a red statue with phones coming out of its arms.  The man sprinted to a airport.  The statue began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  The man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me gave me some fires.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A statue showed up and began to sing to me.  The beach suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The beach suddenly went to a classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny statue with bags all over its face.  The statue began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The island suddenly began to punch me.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a red dinosaur with cats all over its face.  The dinosaur began to smack me.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "This is very massive"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "The mice are in the wooden triangle"  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The classroom suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and stated "The bugs are in the bug"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is extremely towering" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of logs.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The cat gave me some cars.  The cat grew much larger into nothingness.  

A monster showed up and began to kick me.  The monster began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I drove to a classroom.  The monster started melting.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with glass squares sticking out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with photos on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and started growing much larger.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The man began to crumble.  The man crumbled into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a monster gave me some logs.  The monster began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The monster began to melt.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly showed me several bags.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a green dining hall, and I stopped being concerned.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some dogs.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I saw a pleasant man with bugs sticking out of its arms.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with glass squares everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the dining hall.  A dog appeared and ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the house.  The dog began to stand on me.  The dog crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a small scarecrow with pencils on its back.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I threw some snows at it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and began to shrink in height.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stated "This is very hideous"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the house.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dog melted into the ground.  

I saw a grotesque statue with bags all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly melting.  The statue started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of snows.  The dinosaur went to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the church.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

A man came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The man started melting.  The man began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I shouted "I want to melt"  The man began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the dorm.  The man shook into thin air.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with glass triangles coming out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so towering?"  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with metal squares sticking out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure tin man with spikes on its tongue.  The tin man began to yell at me.  The tin man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue wildly shrinking in height.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  A dog showed up and said "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the classroom.  The statue stated "Why are you so obscure?"  The statue went to a basement of a basement of a dorm, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the dining hall.  The beach suddenly showed me several mice.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a dorm, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly shouted "The mice are in the snow"  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a statue walked to a basement of a dining hall.  The statue went to a airport.  The statue sprinted to a house.  A scarecrow appeared and drove to a church.  The statue began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure dog with metal triangles on its tongue.  The dog began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dog began to throw some ices at me.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The beach suddenly drove to a church, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a obscure dining hall, and I stopped being afraid.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some bugs.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  A scarecrow showed up and whispered "The metal triangles are in the ice"  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scarecrow began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the airport.  The church suddenly began to punch me.  The scene changed to a house, with a statue wildly crumbling.  The statue began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The statue began to grab me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large scarecrow with wooden squares all over its back.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely pale"  The scarecrow shook into the ground.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with fruit coming out of its face.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The dinosaur ran to a basement of a beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The dinosaur started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny dog with spikes sticking out of its back.  The dog started to spit out lots of bumps.  The dog gave me some cats.  The dog crumbled into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the dining hall.  A scarecrow appeared and showed me several mice.  The scarecrow gave me some bugs.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with lavas everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "The pens are in the car"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a cat slowly shaking.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The cat began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue monster with bumps coming out of its face.  The monster began to crumble.  The monster said "The ices are in the metal square"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a church.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The monster began to throw some insects at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a large man with logs sticking out of its feet.  The man sprinted to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the island.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike teacher with lavas all over its mouth.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The teacher shouted "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a monster slowly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The monster began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a tin man began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The tin man began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue monster with metal squares sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The monster sprinted to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I saw a futuristic cat with glass triangles sticking out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a bright island, and I began to melt.  The island suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I saw a grotesque tin man with spikes sticking out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large dinosaur with mice sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat enormous"  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  I don't know why, but I walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The dinosaur shook into the ground.  

I saw a massive tin man with logs sticking out of its mouth.  The tin man whispered "Why are you so massive?"  The tin man began to throw some bugs at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The tin man started shaking, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with pencils coming out of its arms.  The dinosaur started melting.  The dinosaur began to shake.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the dining hall.  A teacher showed up and started shaking.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a pleasant basement of a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The wooden squares are in the phone"  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the basement of a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and began to slap me.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The tin man walked to a beach.  The tin man shook into the ground.  

A monster appeared and began to shoot me.  The monster drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  A tin man showed up and gave me some metal triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little pale" for some reason.  The monster whispered "The insects are in the bug"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with bugs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the island.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me quickly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the island.  The island suddenly shouted "Why are you so pale?"  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster started crumbling.  The dorm suddenly shouted "The fruit are in the dog"  The monster started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue absent-mindedly melting.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a graceful bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to jump over me.  I saw a huge dinosaur with photos all over its mouth.  The bed suddenly began to grab me.  The dinosaur began to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The cat ran to a beach.  The cat began to stand on me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the airport.  I saw a towering dog with photos sticking out of its feet.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  The cat showed me several fruit.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a man showed me several logs.  The man gave me some bags.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  A monster appeared and started growing much larger.  The church suddenly went to a airport.  The monster began to jump over me, but I threw some bumps at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to melt.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  A cat came out of nowhere and showed me several dogs.  The cat began to shake.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant monster with lavas on its arms.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster started crumbling.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a man wildly growing much larger.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some snows.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stated "This is somewhat towering"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the dorm.  A scarecrow appeared and sprinted to a basement of a airport.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A cat showed up and began to slap me.  The cat drove to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The cat began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with insects on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow quickly shaking.  The classroom suddenly showed me several glass squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me shook into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the church.  The church suddenly showed me several logs.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had accomplished something satisfying thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with spikes sticking out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dinosaur carefully melting.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a futuristic statue with bags coming out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a bed.  The statue shook into nothingness.  

I was shaking in a bright dining hall, and I stopped being concerned.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a island, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and started shrinking in height.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dog began to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly gave me some pens.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I saw a graceful statue with bumps on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the fire" thinking this would help.  The statue started crumbling.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the classroom.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pleasant cat with lavas all over its arms.  The cat started growing much larger.  The cat began to melt.  The cat began to throw some mice at me, but I grabbed it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering cat with photos on its arms.  The cat began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The cat began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the church.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The dogs are in the ice"  

I was growing much larger in a childlike bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly walked to a basement of a house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a childlike island, and I said "I want to grow much larger"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the island.  I saw a large scarecrow with cars coming out of its back.  The island suddenly sprinted to a house.  The scarecrow began to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a bright dorm, and I wasn't happy about it.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a basement of a basement of a house.  The basement of a basement of a basement of a house suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale statue with fires all over its back.  The statue began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I saw a red person who looked just like me with ices sticking out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with phones everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the airport.  I don't know why, but I went to a island.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow stated "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to shake.  The dorm suddenly drove to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stated "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a small basement of a house, and I said "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The basement of a house suddenly began to sing to me.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the basement of a house.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange basement of a beach on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the basement of a beach.  I saw a grotesque monster with dogs sticking out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the dorm.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

A man showed up and ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The man began to grab me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dog absent-mindedly crumbling.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The cat sprinted to a dorm.  The cat said "Why are you so pleasant?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small statue with cats coming out of its back.  The statue began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the dining hall.  A man came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The statue began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely childlike"  The dining hall suddenly walked to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

I was growing much larger in a towering dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the dorm.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some snows at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The person who looked just like me drove to a bed.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The pens are in the log"  

I saw a pleasant tin man with bags sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so red?"  

I saw a pale man with fruit coming out of its tongue.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is a little obscure"  The man went to a bed.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog wildly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the bed.  The man walked to a house.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The fires are in the bug"  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure dorm, and I stopped being concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  A monster showed up and started to spit out lots of bugs.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  The monster began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

A monster appeared and began to crumble.  The monster shouted "That sucks"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I went to a dining hall.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I saw a childlike teacher with lavas all over its arms.  The teacher began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The monster began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with pens everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue slowly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the classroom.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large monster with dogs on its tongue.  The monster shouted "That sucks"  The monster shouted "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I wasn't concerned.  The monster began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The photos are in the pen"  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to kick me.  The church suddenly went to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the basement of a house.  I saw a red manager of the basement of a house with snows on its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the basement of a house.  The manager of the basement of a house began to melt.  The dinosaur melted into nothingness.  

A dinosaur showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to crumble.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and began to slap me.  The man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "This is a little blue"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me quickly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a dining hall.  The man began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The man began to throw some phones at me, but I threw some photos at it and ran away.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to jump over me.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The dinosaur walked to a bed.  I saw a small monster with bags on its eyes.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The monster grew much larger into nothingness.  

A dinosaur showed up and started to spit out lots of mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with bags on its tongue.  The dinosaur gave me some fires.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of logs.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a small statue with cars sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the house.  The church suddenly began to shake.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a airport.  The church suddenly ran to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and went to a beach.  The dog began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the beach.  The scene changed to a church, with a man carefully growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The man gave me some lavas.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic tin man with bags coming out of its mouth.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me.  The tin man started shaking.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher quickly crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly went to a basement of a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was growing much larger in a green classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  A dog showed up and showed me several bugs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the classroom.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with cats coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur started melting.  The dinosaur shook into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dorm suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a man began to punch me.  The man began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The man began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The man crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a childlike teacher with logs all over its tongue.  The teacher drove to a church.  The church suddenly started melting.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a small airport, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the airport.  The airport suddenly gave me some phones.  I saw a hideous director of the airport with cars all over its feet.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  The director of the airport began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The director of the airport began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

I saw a huge monster with pens all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The monster gave me some cats.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the island.  The monster stated "The dogs are in the dog", and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and walked to a basement of a basement of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly said "That sucks"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was growing much larger in a tiny basement of a church, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the church.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a statue carefully shrinking in height.  The statue began to stand on me.  The basement of a church suddenly drove to a island.  The statue shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a enormous monster with dogs sticking out of its arms.  The monster began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The monster went to a island.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a dinosaur showed me several glass squares.  The classroom suddenly shouted "The lavas are in the pencil"  The dinosaur whispered "The mice are in the cat"  I saw a blue dog with fruit all over its legs.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the bag" for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with pens everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the airport.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and walked to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the dining hall.  The cat started crumbling.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur slowly shaking.  The dining hall suddenly began to shoot me.  A man appeared and began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering man with cars sticking out of its eyes.  The man began to crumble.  The man began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat wildly crumbling.  The man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The man began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to throw some cars at me.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a scarecrow carefully melting.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I saw a pleasant dog with ices sticking out of its eyes.  The tin man began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly ran to a basement of a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a green dorm, and I said "Hello?"  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  I saw a graceful scarecrow with dogs coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful tin man with wooden triangles all over its arms.  The tin man drove to a airport.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue statue with mice coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The statue began to sing to me.  The statue began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a green cat with phones all over its toes.  The cat went to a dining hall.  The cat began to shake.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I saw a futuristic dog with bags all over its eyes.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The cat began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

A statue came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The statue started to spit out lots of logs.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a church, with a man quickly melting.  The church suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The cars are in the bug"  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a manager of the church started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the church.  The manager of the church shouted "The ices are in the pencil"  A tin man appeared and walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the church.  The tin man sprinted to a classroom.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering monster with spikes coming out of its face.  The monster sprinted to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to throw some pencils at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the bed, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with glass triangles everywhere.  The house suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the house.  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with lavas on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The house suddenly said "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous scarecrow with insects sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I threw some ices at it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly ran to a dining hall.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The statue began to shake.  The statue began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with snows sticking out of its face.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dinosaur wildly growing much larger.  The dinosaur ran to a church.  I saw a childlike leader of the church with logs on its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the church.  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  The church suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike statue with bags on its mouth.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?"  The island suddenly stated "The photos are in the bag"  The statue said "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a monster began to melt.  The basement of a bed suddenly showed me several ices.  The basement of a bed suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The monster began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with logs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the classroom.  A director of the classroom showed up and went to a basement of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some bumps.  The director of the classroom started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the bed.  I saw a graceful dinosaur with cars all over its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the dorm.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a teacher began to shake.  The teacher began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the beach.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man slowly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the house.  The beach suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green tin man with fruit coming out of its eyes.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height", and I smiled.  

I saw a red dog with glass triangles coming out of its tongue.  The dog began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The dog said "Why are you so futuristic?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a green dinosaur with fruit sticking out of its eyes.  The dinosaur showed me several dogs.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't know why, but I went to a basement of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the beach.  The dinosaur drove to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a dog began to shake.  The dog started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fires are in the bump" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a huge island, and I said "This is a little bright"  The island suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the island.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red teacher with dogs coming out of its toes.  The teacher stated "Why are you so red?"  The teacher started to spit out lots of cats.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something satisfying.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The classroom suddenly shouted "The cats are in the insect"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive teacher with mice sticking out of its legs.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something great.  The teacher crumbled into nothingness.  

A dog appeared and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little small" thinking this would help.  The dog started crumbling.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a monster said "You must look inside"  The monster began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man wildly growing much larger.  The tin man began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with metal triangles everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the house.  The house suddenly went to a basement of a dining hall.  A man came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man gave me some phones.  The house suddenly ran to a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful cat with bugs all over its feet.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The cat began to melt.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The cat sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small scarecrow with bags sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scarecrow walked to a beach.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being afraid.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The beach suddenly stated "The pens are in the spike"  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and started shaking.  The monster gave me some cars.  The monster began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The scene changed to a beach, with a leader of the beach slowly melting.  The beach suddenly drove to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly showed me several pencils.  The leader of the beach shook into the ground.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The tin man began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly drove to a island.  The church suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a green house, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The house suddenly gave me some bags.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the house.  The scene changed to a bed, with a leader of the house wildly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" thinking this would help.  The leader of the house shouted "The photos are in the metal square"  The leader of the house shook into the ground.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with bags coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dinosaur stated "Why are you so massive?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt slightly terrified.  The dinosaur began to throw some bumps at me.  I saw a small tin man with pens on its legs.  The airport suddenly showed me several metal triangles.  The tin man began to throw some ices at me.  The tin man grew much larger into the ground.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The beach suddenly whispered "Why are you so blue?", and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a monster drove to a airport.  The monster walked to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the beach.  I saw a pleasant statue with cars all over its toes.  The bed suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The statue began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the island.  The scarecrow went to a dorm.  The scene changed to a house, with a leader of the island wildly growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The dorm suddenly showed me several fruit.  The scarecrow shook into nothingness.  

I saw a futuristic monster with fires sticking out of its eyes.  The monster stated "That sucks"  The monster showed me several bumps.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content thinking this would help.  I saw a obscure tin man with lavas all over its arms.  The monster stated "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Why are you so graceful?"  A statue came out of nowhere and went to a basement of a house.  The house suddenly drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and gave me some fires.  The man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The man began to throw some glass squares at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a obscure scarecrow with ices all over its toes.  The dorm suddenly ran to a classroom.  The man began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a hideous basement of a bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the bed.  I saw a grotesque teacher with insects sticking out of its eyes.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the basement of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the basement of a bed, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a tiny classroom, and I shouted "I want to melt"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the classroom.  A man showed up and started melting.  The man began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a green dinosaur with bugs all over its back.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  The dinosaur stated "The fruit are in the mouse"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I wasn't scared.  The dinosaur started shaking.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The scarecrow shouted "The spikes are in the spike"  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so green?"  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with snows all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The scene changed to a airport, with a leader of the airport quickly shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly went to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The cat began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the wooden triangle" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The cat started shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The cat shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a small scarecrow with phones all over its toes.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly sprinted to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the church.  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

I was shaking in a bright airport, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The airport suddenly gave me some insects.  I saw a small teacher with bags on its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several pens.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large dinosaur with pens coming out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The snows are in the fire"  

I was shaking in a hideous house, and I stopped being scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the house.  I saw a green dinosaur with bugs sticking out of its face.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur drove to a island.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The cats are in the photo"  

A scarecrow appeared and started shaking.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scarecrow drove to a island.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to shake.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a green dog with bags on its eyes.  The scarecrow began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The bumps are in the spike"  

I saw a obscure cat with wooden squares on its mouth.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The cat began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright teacher with cars on its eyes.  The teacher gave me some fruit.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stated "What's going on?"  The teacher ran to a island.  I saw a towering man with snows coming out of its legs.  The man began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to grab me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny statue with fires sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The statue began to throw some insects at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat absent-mindedly melting.  The statue gave me some spikes.  I saw a red dog with bags on its tongue.  The dog said "Why are you so red?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dog began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the bed.  A director of the bed came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the bed.  The director of the bed began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The director of the bed melted into thin air.  

I was melting in a large house, and I began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly showed me several pencils.  The house suddenly began to grab me.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man wildly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the house.  The house suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The spikes are in the log"  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with cats everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the bed.  The bed suddenly went to a basement of a classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the bed, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a man started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the church.  The man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely green"  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with pens on its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the church.  The person who looked just like me ran to a house.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

A statue showed up and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The statue started growing much larger.  The statue melted into the ground.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bags.  The cat began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The cat began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The insects are in the pen"  

I saw a red tin man with fires coming out of its tongue.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so red?"  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me sprinted to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt strangely worried.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

I'm melting in a basement of a beach when all of a sudden a tin man began to shake.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  A leader of the basement of a beach appeared and began to melt.  The leader of the basement of a beach began to punch me.  The tin man began to crumble.  The leader of the basement of a beach began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and began to stand on me.  The teacher began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a scarecrow wildly shrinking in height.  The teacher showed me several cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous man with logs sticking out of its tongue.  The man started crumbling.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The man melted into the ground.  

I saw a large person who looked just like me with bags sticking out of its back.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the church.  A man came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous for some reason.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with ices coming out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a tin man gave me some glass triangles.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The tin man drove to a church.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the bed.  The bed suddenly whispered "The metal squares are in the bump"  The tin man melted into the ground.  

A tin man showed up and whispered "The mice are in the spike"  The tin man drove to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me stated "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me stated "The glass squares are in the bug"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a basement of a bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly whispered "The snows are in the mouse"  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and gave me some pencils.  The dog began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with mice all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the snow" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me shook into nothingness.  

A tin man appeared and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me.  The tin man began to throw some logs at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The tin man started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the classroom.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with cats coming out of its back.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me shouted "The lavas are in the metal square"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the island.  A teacher came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to slap me.  The beach suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly started melting.  I saw a blue leader of the beach with fires on its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the beach.  The leader of the beach drove to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with insects everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  A dog showed up and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The dog drove to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and gave me some insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The teacher sprinted to a airport.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the airport.  The teacher drove to a house.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and shouted "That sucks"  The man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to grow much larger.  The man began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away.  The man drove to a airport.  The man shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was shaking in a red airport, and I wasn't worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the airport.  I saw a tiny dog with logs sticking out of its toes.  The airport suddenly walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had done something satisfying for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with mice on its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something satisfying.  The person who looked just like me shouted "You must look inside"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a house.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me showed me several pencils.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and began to crumble.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The monster stated "That sucks"  The monster stated "Why are you so towering?", and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a enormous church, and I wasn't worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I saw a hideous teacher with pens sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the church.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the dining hall.  I saw a futuristic dog with mice sticking out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dog shook into the ground.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The tin man drove to a house.  The house suddenly began to smack me.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

A teacher appeared and began to crumble.  The teacher started crumbling.  The teacher began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a director of the classroom ran to a airport.  The director of the classroom began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The director of the classroom began to grab me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  A dinosaur showed up and went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The director of the classroom stated "You must look inside"  The director of the classroom shook into the ground.  

A teacher appeared and started growing much larger.  The teacher said "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the airport.  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  A director of the airport appeared and began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the airport.  The director of the airport began to melt.  The director of the airport grew much larger into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the airport.  A tin man came out of nowhere and whispered "The pencils are in the bug"  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a director of the bed began to yell at me.  The director of the bed began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely graceful"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the bed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the island.  The director of the bed began to punch me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The director of the bed melted into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful classroom, and I said "This is a little bright"  The classroom suddenly showed me several cats.  The classroom suddenly ran to a beach.  I saw a green dinosaur with spikes sticking out of its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so bright?"  

A person who looked just like me showed up and ran to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some metal triangles at me.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of fires.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into nothingness.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a cat began to slap me.  The cat began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the dorm.  I saw a blue dinosaur with photos sticking out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the dorm.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a pale basement of a dorm, and I began to shrink in height.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to kick me.  The basement of a dorm suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I felt very furious.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?" for some reason.  The dorm suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge dinosaur with mice coming out of its arms.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur drove to a classroom.  I don't know why, but I went to a basement of a basement of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  A teacher came out of nowhere and ran to a island.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly began to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The man began to punch me.  The man went to a church.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur wildly growing much larger.  The man showed me several ices.  I saw a large monster with metal squares sticking out of its tongue.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a basement of a airport.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the island.  I saw a pale dinosaur with fires all over its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the island.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous dog with dogs coming out of its feet.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The dog said "The snows are in the pencil"  The dog crumbled into the ground.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with insects everywhere.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I saw a obscure teacher with bumps coming out of its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the bed.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry thinking this would help.  The man ran to a classroom.  The man crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a blue cat with bumps sticking out of its back.  The cat ran to a beach.  The cat started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The dinosaur melted into the ground.  

I saw a tiny tin man with bags all over its face.  The tin man said "The pens are in the spike"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The teacher began to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me gave me some metal triangles.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being worried.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a graceful monster with insects coming out of its eyes.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green man with metal triangles sticking out of its back.  The man started shrinking in height.  The man gave me some mice.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The man began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a enormous bed, and I stated "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  A dinosaur showed up and ran to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the beach.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a childlike dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a blue monster with mice sticking out of its arms.  The monster drove to a beach.  The monster began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The monster shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with cats coming out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat wildly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the beach.  I saw a enormous manager of the beach with ices all over its back.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me walked to a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a hideous teacher with logs coming out of its arms.  The teacher showed me several wooden squares.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green man with bugs sticking out of its face.  The man whispered "You must look inside"  The man started melting.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure scarecrow with snows on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A dinosaur appeared and walked to a house.  The dinosaur sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The dinosaur showed me several cats.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a scarecrow started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the house.  The house suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I wasn't afraid.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  The island suddenly went to a church.  The scarecrow melted into nothingness.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with glass squares all over its tongue.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a teacher slowly melting.  The dinosaur started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me shouted "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The bumps are in the pen"  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure classroom, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and sprinted to a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly drove to a basement of a classroom.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dorm.  The tin man started to spit out lots of mice.  The tin man began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and walked to a dining hall.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly sprinted to a beach.  I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with cars sticking out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me stated "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly stated "Why are you so graceful?"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a bright cat with cars coming out of its tongue.  The cat started melting.  The cat began to yell at me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a airport when all of a sudden a man began to kick me.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content thinking this would help.  I saw a pale dinosaur with metal squares on its eyes.  The man gave me some fruit.  The dinosaur drove to a basement of a church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous cat with logs all over its tongue.  The cat began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I felt strangely nervous.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the bed.  I saw a towering man with spikes sticking out of its legs.  The cat began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious for some reason.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

A statue showed up and began to stand on me.  The statue began to kick me.  The statue began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I shouted "This is extremely small"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the airport.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with spikes all over its tongue.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with dogs on its toes.  The dinosaur drove to a dorm.  The dinosaur started melting.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

I saw a futuristic statue with lavas sticking out of its legs.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The statue whispered "That sucks"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Why are you so hideous?"  I saw a huge cat with dogs coming out of its back.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The cat began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a man started shrinking in height.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stated "Hello?"  The classroom suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The man began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny cat with spikes on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The cat started to spit out lots of phones.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The cat melted into nothingness.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a monster began to punch me.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  The monster began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  A statue showed up and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the airport.  The statue began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The monster shrunk in height into thin air.  

A cat appeared and whispered "The spikes are in the fire"  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The cat showed me several bumps.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shrink in height.  The cat shouted "You must look inside"  A dinosaur showed up and showed me several cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and began to sing to me.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The tin man began to throw some bags at me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a scarecrow carefully shaking.  The scarecrow began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  A dog appeared and started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something satisfying.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow walked to a island.  The island suddenly sprinted to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the island.  A leader of the dining hall appeared and stated "The spikes are in the car"  The dining hall suddenly stated "Why are you so childlike?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The snows are in the pen"  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster began to shoot me.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "The bumps are in the lava"  The monster began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and went to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  The monster began to jump over me, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike statue with glass triangles all over its mouth.  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The statue began to throw some bags at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The statue grew much larger into the ground.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several wooden triangles.  The teacher began to throw some glass triangles at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The teacher began to sing to me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The teacher gave me some logs.  A man came out of nowhere and showed me several snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The teacher began to shake.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the house.  The man crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a obscure cat with photos on its eyes.  The cat stated "Why are you so obscure?"  The cat began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The tin man said "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man drove to a church.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so bright?"  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with cats on its legs.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The scarecrow began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a pale bed, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the bed.  I saw a graceful tin man with bugs coming out of its mouth.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic scarecrow with pencils all over its legs.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bugs.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of spikes.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dorm.  The scarecrow started melting.  The beach suddenly shouted "Why are you so futuristic?"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a obscure dorm, and I wasn't worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the dorm.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a airport.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a graceful church, and I wasn't concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I saw a large person who looked just like me with bugs coming out of its face.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and ran to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a airport.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a towering teacher with dogs all over its toes.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The teacher went to a classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the classroom.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering dog with dogs coming out of its eyes.  The dog gave me some wooden triangles.  The dog began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  A teacher came out of nowhere and walked to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the fire" thinking this would help.  The dog began to sing to me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me went to a island.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the island.  A cat appeared and began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a statue ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The statue began to grow much larger.  A person who looked just like me showed up and showed me several dogs.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me went to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a cat gave me some pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The cat shouted "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue quickly shaking.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  The statue began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat pleasant"  The statue began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright statue with cats all over its toes.  The statue began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something terrible.  The statue began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive statue with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The statue showed me several fires.  The statue shook into nothingness.  

A dog showed up and walked to a classroom.  The dog began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the dining hall.  A leader of the classroom showed up and ran to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass squares are in the log" for some reason.  The dog gave me some cars.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and began to shake.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The dog began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant cat with photos coming out of its eyes.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The cat started to spit out lots of lavas.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some mice at me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the church.  A teacher appeared and sprinted to a basement of a beach.  The teacher began to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the basement of a beach, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  The dog shrunk in height into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The man started growing much larger.  The man began to throw some bumps at me, but I threw some photos at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a futuristic dorm, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I said "This is somewhat bright"  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the airport.  The dorm suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and gave me some snows.  The monster began to slap me, but I yelled at it "This is a little tiny"  The monster began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly began to punch me.  I saw a blue scarecrow with bugs on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the house.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge man with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The man sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and went to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dorm.  The scene changed to a island, with a statue wildly shaking.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of photos.  I saw a bright scarecrow with spikes all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a statue started to spit out lots of pens.  The statue began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the island.  I saw a green manager of the island with mice sticking out of its legs.  The island suddenly began to melt.  The island suddenly began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

A man came out of nowhere and showed me several dogs.  The man began to punch me, but I threw some photos at it and ran away.  The man began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  The man began to shoot me.  The man showed me several insects.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and started melting.  The man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to kick me, but I threw some metal triangles at it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of metal squares.  The classroom suddenly drove to a basement of a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The teacher began to smack me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat wildly shrinking in height.  The cat began to take a photo of me.  A scarecrow appeared and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and gave me some cats.  The dog gave me some phones.  The dog started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I whispered "I want to crumble"  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the church.  The dog began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red dog with wooden squares all over its toes.  The dog ran to a church.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the bed.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red teacher with mice coming out of its tongue.  The teacher began to smack me.  The teacher went to a bed.  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue wildly melting.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some logs at me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright dog with wooden triangles all over its toes.  The dog began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dog began to throw some ices at me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with dogs on its feet.  The person who looked just like me walked to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the dorm.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man carefully shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me went to a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the basement of a airport.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with bumps sticking out of its face.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike airport, and I wasn't afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the airport.  A statue showed up and walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The statue started shaking.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The man began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike statue with fires all over its arms.  The statue began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The statue shouted "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly stated "Why are you so childlike?"  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of photos.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a enormous bed, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the car"  The bed suddenly began to shake.  The bed suddenly started melting.  I saw a huge dinosaur with dogs coming out of its back.  The bed suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The statue went to a beach.  The statue started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me wildly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a enormous island, and I said "I want to melt"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the island.  I saw a bright tin man with metal squares coming out of its tongue.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small dinosaur with bugs coming out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is very green"  The dinosaur whispered "The pens are in the bug"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt a little worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the church.  The church suddenly gave me some snows.  The teacher ran to a island, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The man showed me several cars.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the island.  I saw a enormous monster with ices coming out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the island.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The cat began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a scarecrow quickly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the fruit" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the dining hall.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a teacher began to throw some logs at me.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the dining hall.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a enormous island, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed thinking this would help.  The island suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a pale dog with dogs on its toes.  The dog began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dog began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dog melted into nothingness.  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The scarecrow said "Why are you so childlike?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a large dining hall, and I stopped being afraid.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "The pencils are in the metal square"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt a little content.  The island suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a blue dining hall, and I felt slightly furious.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a director of the dining hall slowly melting.  The director of the dining hall drove to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with phones on its back.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of logs.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the house.  A director of the house appeared and began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the house.  The house suddenly gave me some snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the house, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and gave me some logs.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The teacher began to throw some photos at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to melt.  The classroom suddenly showed me several snows.  A monster appeared and began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The airport suddenly showed me several snows.  The scene changed to a island, with a monster absent-mindedly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the island.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some bugs at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small man with bumps sticking out of its face.  The man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "This is very obscure"  The man began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the dining hall.  I saw a towering teacher with spikes all over its toes.  The man said "The metal triangles are in the spike"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the dining hall.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a blue dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly went to a island.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the bed, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with pens everywhere.  The church suddenly ran to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the church.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had done something satisfying for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the dorm.  The dinosaur went to a basement of a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering dog with lavas sticking out of its toes.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The dog began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur stated "The logs are in the fire"  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The dorm suddenly ran to a basement of a bed.  The scene changed to a house, with a statue wildly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the car" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly gave me some cars.  The dinosaur crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a massive dog with photos on its eyes.  The dog began to throw some pens at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dog began to smack me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The dog began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a tin man whispered "The phones are in the insect"  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to punch me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher absent-mindedly melting.  The teacher showed me several glass triangles.  The teacher drove to a church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure monster with fruit all over its tongue.  The monster began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The monster began to shoot me, but I punched it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt very furious.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a bed.  A scarecrow showed up and gave me some pencils.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the bed.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a blue church, and I felt slightly like I had done something helpful.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the church.  I saw a graceful dinosaur with phones all over its mouth.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  The church suddenly began to throw some snows at me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The glass squares are in the ice"  

I saw a green statue with fires sticking out of its tongue.  The statue started shaking.  The statue began to yell at me.  I don't know why, but I went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a basement of a house when all of a sudden a manager of the house began to shake.  The manager of the house started crumbling.  The basement of a basement of a house suddenly started shaking.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started to spit out lots of pencils.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the house.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a pale dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the dining hall.  I saw a obscure cat with phones coming out of its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the dining hall.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with spikes on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the fruit" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous for some reason.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to shake.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and started melting.  The tin man sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly drove to a beach.  The tin man crumbled into nothingness.  

I was crumbling in a childlike basement of a church, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the basement of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the church.  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  The church suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the basement of a church.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to shake.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  The scarecrow showed me several mice, and I smiled.  

I saw a green scarecrow with cars coming out of its mouth.  The scarecrow shouted "The fires are in the log"  The scarecrow started melting.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the bed.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

A statue came out of nowhere and sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the house.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so red?"  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with fires everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is extremely tiny" thinking this would help.  The island suddenly whispered "The metal triangles are in the mouse"  I saw a towering statue with dogs on its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the island.  The statue began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale cat with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The cat started to spit out lots of photos.  The cat started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog quickly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some bugs.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a teacher sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the house.  I saw a large scarecrow with logs coming out of its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the dining hall.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher shouted "The snows are in the snow"  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the airport.  The teacher gave me some spikes.  The scene changed to a church, with a dinosaur carefully crumbling.  The dinosaur said "Why are you so huge?"  The dinosaur began to punch me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale monster with fires sticking out of its mouth.  The monster ran to a dining hall.  The monster began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man drove to a beach.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something terrible.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dining hall.  The tin man began to crumble.  The beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to slap me.  The scarecrow drove to a island.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and went to a beach.  The person who looked just like me showed me several pens.  The person who looked just like me showed me several logs.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur appeared and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a grotesque dorm, and I stopped being scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I felt a little furious.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the church.  The basement of a church suddenly began to throw some cats at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the basement of a church, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I threw some ices at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the bed.  A statue came out of nowhere and gave me some bugs.  The statue started melting.  The statue started growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly said "The metal triangles are in the ice", and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a childlike church, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the church.  I saw a enormous dog with phones all over its tongue.  The church suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the church, and I smiled.  

I saw a small cat with mice sticking out of its arms.  The cat began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the bag" thinking this would help.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and went to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with cats everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  I saw a massive scarecrow with metal triangles sticking out of its feet.  The scarecrow sprinted to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale dinosaur with ices on its back.  The dinosaur began to grab me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of insects.  I saw a graceful monster with phones all over its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with glass squares sticking out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some ices at me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I slapped it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue person who looked just like me with ices on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I saw a hideous man with logs sticking out of its tongue.  The man said "The bugs are in the spike"  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and started melting.  The dog ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the classroom.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat slowly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a cat shouted "The bags are in the snow"  The cat stated "Hey man, it happens"  The cat showed me several pencils.  I saw a tiny tin man with wooden squares sticking out of its toes.  The cat whispered "You must look inside"  The cat began to grow much larger.  The basement of a island suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a cat started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" for some reason.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  A leader of the church showed up and gave me some phones.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the church.  The leader of the church continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several fruit.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bugs at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me shouted "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a bright man with wooden triangles all over its tongue.  The man began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and stated "That sucks"  The monster showed me several spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and began to sing to me.  The dog gave me some spikes.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the bed.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to jump over me.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the bed.  The dog grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a tiny dog with fires coming out of its toes.  The dog walked to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the bed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly shouted "The bugs are in the bag"  The classroom suddenly shouted "The insects are in the metal square"  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a pleasant airport, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  A cat appeared and began to grab me.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The cat began to throw some spikes at me.  The cat grew much larger into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and showed me several dogs.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher slowly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me gave me some insects.  I saw a huge statue with spikes sticking out of its face.  The teacher began to throw some bags at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

I was crumbling in a bright beach, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The beach suddenly began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being happy about it.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man started shaking.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  A dog showed up and drove to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dog sprinted to a dorm.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious thinking this would help.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the island.  I saw a hideous scarecrow with bags sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the island.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a obscure island, and I stated "This is very red"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I saw a green monster with snows all over its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the island.  The monster began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a cat began to jump over me.  The cat began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I saw a tiny tin man with logs coming out of its back.  The tin man walked to a airport.  The tin man started to spit out lots of pens.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a statue showed me several bumps.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog carefully crumbling.  The statue began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The dog began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a massive beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a man slowly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the cat" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the church.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to melt.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the island.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the bed.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the island, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  The statue began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The statue started to spit out lots of mice.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the beach.  The island suddenly walked to a airport.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a small airport, and I began to shake.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the airport.  The house suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bugs.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The tin man ran to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous thinking this would help.  The island suddenly began to shake.  I saw a large teacher with spikes coming out of its back.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque airport, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the house.  The house suddenly ran to a bed.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I whispered "Hello?"  The classroom suddenly went to a airport.  I saw a obscure man with bugs coming out of its face.  The tin man sprinted to a house.  The man started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with lavas coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt very worried.  The house suddenly began to grab me.  The church suddenly showed me several photos.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with fruit everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly walked to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with cars everywhere.  The beach suddenly gave me some logs.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the beach.  I saw a large tin man with fires coming out of its arms.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The tin man started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

I saw a large teacher with glass squares sticking out of its arms.  The teacher showed me several bugs.  The teacher began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a dog absent-mindedly crumbling.  The teacher began to melt.  A dinosaur appeared and stated "You must look inside"  The basement of a beach suddenly started melting.  The dog began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The basement of a beach suddenly began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a hideous basement of a house, and I felt very anxious.  The basement of a house suddenly gave me some bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the basement of a house.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dinosaur slowly shrinking in height.  The basement of a house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly walked to a dining hall.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny man with spikes sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The man began to slap me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a basement of a basement of a dining hall.  The man ran to a airport.  The man started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with pencils everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the beach.  The beach suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The beach suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and sprinted to a beach.  The beach suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the beach.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the dorm.  The dog began to stand on me.  The dog shouted "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with mice everywhere.  The airport suddenly showed me several bugs.  The airport suddenly walked to a house.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a scarecrow slowly growing much larger.  The scarecrow showed me several wooden triangles.  The scarecrow showed me several bumps.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous man with glass squares coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a church.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The man grew much larger into thin air.  

A man showed up and began to throw some pens at me.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant dog with insects on its tongue.  The dog stated "You must look inside"  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat hideous"  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a green island, and I began to crumble.  The island suddenly started shaking.  The island suddenly showed me several lavas.  A dog showed up and began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the island.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The dog grew much larger into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with snows everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly stated "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a classroom.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of cats, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and gave me some dogs.  The dinosaur began to slap me.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dorm.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny dog with dogs coming out of its back.  The dog began to smack me.  The dog began to crumble.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster slowly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The statue said "That sucks"  The statue began to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The ices are in the bag"  

A cat showed up and started crumbling.  The cat whispered "You must look inside"  The cat began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a statue slowly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The beach suddenly gave me some logs.  The scene changed to a bed, with a statue carefully shaking.  The statue said "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  The statue shouted "The cars are in the lava", and I smiled.  

I saw a small scarecrow with fires coming out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The scarecrow began to throw some mice at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt very furious.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some logs at me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a beach.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  The beach suddenly went to a airport.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The monster walked to a basement of a beach.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  The monster started growing much larger.  I saw a large dinosaur with fires coming out of its feet.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dinosaur said "The pens are in the pen"  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and began to punch me.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  The tin man began to grab me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me carefully shaking.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  The tin man began to throw some snows at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a teacher drove to a church.  The teacher sprinted to a airport.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The teacher showed me several snows.  The dinosaur grew much larger into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the island.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the bed.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man wildly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The tin man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow stated "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous for some reason.  A person who looked just like me showed up and sprinted to a classroom.  The church suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a blue basement of a classroom, and I wasn't afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the classroom.  I saw a enormous scarecrow with photos all over its tongue.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to jump over me.  The classroom suddenly gave me some ices.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and started melting.  The cat began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  The cat started to spit out lots of spikes.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large scarecrow with mice all over its back.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The airport suddenly drove to a bed.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the church, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with cats everywhere.  The island suddenly ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the beach.  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and gave me some bumps.  The statue started to spit out lots of fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt very terrified.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the classroom.  A monster came out of nowhere and gave me some ices.  The monster whispered "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the classroom.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous man with cars all over its toes.  The man stated "You must look inside"  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a basement of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and showed me several fruit.  The dog started crumbling.  The dog stated "You must look inside"  The dog shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a towering statue with pens sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The statue began to smack me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me stated "The snows are in the pencil"  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the airport.  A director of the airport showed up and began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a red airport, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I saw a pleasant cat with snows sticking out of its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the airport.  The cat went to a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with bugs coming out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I saw a large director of the classroom with wooden triangles sticking out of its feet.  The director of the classroom sprinted to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the classroom.  The director of the classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a teacher began to throw some snows at me.  The house suddenly started melting.  The teacher stated "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a pale dog with glass triangles all over its back.  The house suddenly walked to a church.  The dog began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and started shrinking in height.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I shouted "Hello?"  The monster began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The house suddenly gave me some fires.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so small?"  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the dorm.  A person who looked just like me appeared and went to a basement of a basement of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  The church suddenly said "The cars are in the cat"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with mice on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the bed.  A statue showed up and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The statue began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  The bed suddenly showed me several lavas.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and drove to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the house.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  The scene changed to a airport, with a director of the airport absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I saw a obscure teacher with photos sticking out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the house.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green man with phones on its arms.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The man began to sing to me.  The man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale dinosaur with snows sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  The house suddenly began to throw some dogs at me.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the house.  The person who looked just like me showed me several spikes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the house, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  The church suddenly went to a house.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a bed.  A director of the airport came out of nowhere and showed me several lavas.  The director of the airport gave me some cats.  The director of the airport began to punch me, but I screamed at it "This is a little red"  The director of the airport grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a obscure teacher with glass squares sticking out of its toes.  The teacher began to throw some cars at me.  The teacher began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The teacher grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a futuristic tin man with dogs all over its back.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I threw some fruit at it and ran away.  The tin man began to take a photo of me.  The tin man started melting, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the bed.  The teacher whispered "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with spikes on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me gave me some photos.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several wooden squares.  I saw a towering manager of the dining hall with mice coming out of its legs.  The manager of the dining hall started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The manager of the dining hall melted into thin air.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  A teacher came out of nowhere and gave me some phones.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with cars sticking out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "This is very blue"  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The teacher gave me some ices.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and walked to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Why are you so pleasant?"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?"  The island suddenly said "Why are you so pale?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man slowly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The tin man started to spit out lots of lavas.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright teacher with bugs all over its mouth.  The teacher began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster absent-mindedly shaking.  The dorm suddenly said "The ices are in the car"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The teacher crumbled into thin air.  

I was crumbling in a massive classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the classroom.  The church suddenly began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike statue with ices all over its eyes.  The statue started shaking.  The statue gave me some mice.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the airport.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The cats are in the car"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering monster with insects on its feet.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The monster said "The dogs are in the snow"  The monster shrunk in height into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with photos everywhere.  The bed suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The bed suddenly started melting.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with pencils sticking out of its face.  The dinosaur began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster quickly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I saw a green cat with spikes sticking out of its tongue.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dinosaur melted into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with ices everywhere.  The bed suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the bed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  The beach suddenly walked to a house.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and went to a bed.  The dinosaur showed me several photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something satisfying.  The dinosaur gave me some metal triangles.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and sprinted to a basement of a basement of a airport.  The dog began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the basement of a airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The basement of a basement of a airport suddenly began to crumble.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the classroom.  A teacher appeared and sprinted to a house.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The bed suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher shook into the ground.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The tin man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  The tin man began to crumble.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous monster with fruit on its toes.  The monster walked to a house.  The monster began to throw some mice at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so enormous?"  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with dogs all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with snows sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I was crumbling in a huge church, and I shouted "That sucks"  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the church.  A manager of the church appeared and said "That sucks"  The church suddenly began to slap me.  The church suddenly started melting.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the church saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with phones sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur crumbled into nothingness.  

A dog appeared and started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The dog started crumbling.  The dog began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I said "This is somewhat hideous"  The dog began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dog melted into the ground.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The monster began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and began to shrink in height.  The monster ran to a island.  The monster began to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I whispered "I want to grow much larger"  The island suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with ices on its face.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the beach.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of phones.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I shot it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with bags all over its face.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt slightly angry.  The scarecrow whispered "The ices are in the ice"  I saw a huge cat with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The cat started to spit out lots of mice.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The dogs are in the phone"  

A man appeared and began to grow much larger.  The man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly sprinted to a island.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and walked to a dining hall.  The scarecrow gave me some logs.  The scarecrow said "The wooden squares are in the insect"  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a cat began to stand on me.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  The cat began to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I said "I want to grow much larger"  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The cat drove to a airport.  The cat melted into thin air.  

I saw a blue dog with fires on its tongue.  The dog began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with insects coming out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The dog began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and began to grow much larger.  The dog began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The dog began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  The dog showed me several mice.  The dog crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a huge tin man with bugs on its mouth.  The tin man said "That sucks"  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur started to spit out lots of fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I ran to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dinosaur started melting.  The dinosaur crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with fruit on its arms.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I don't know why, but I went to a basement of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the basement of a house.  The scarecrow shook into thin air.  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with snows on its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the dining hall.  A man appeared and started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly went to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into the ground.  

A dog showed up and began to yell at me.  The dog began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "This is a little pale"  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with fruit coming out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me ran to a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat futuristic"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the bed.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and shouted "The ices are in the car"  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I punched it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I saw a enormous man with pencils sticking out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and began to slap me.  The teacher began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The teacher showed me several fruit.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow carefully crumbling.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something great.  A dog showed up and started shaking.  The church suddenly showed me several fires.  The scarecrow began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to grab me.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the house.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and ran to a island.  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly showed me several ices.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a church when all of a sudden a tin man sprinted to a classroom.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the airport.  I saw a grotesque scarecrow with fires coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little graceful" for some reason.  The tin man began to melt.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny tin man with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The tin man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a pale airport, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the airport.  The airport suddenly said "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with mice everywhere.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The monster began to slap me.  The monster started to spit out lots of pencils.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shrink in height.  The monster began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is a little childlike"  I saw a pleasant scarecrow with logs coming out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the dorm.  The scarecrow began to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  The dorm suddenly began to melt, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright teacher with logs coming out of its tongue.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The teacher began to slap me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the classroom.  A cat appeared and drove to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a blue scarecrow with fruit on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the wooden square" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with metal triangles coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to melt.  The church suddenly started melting.  The dinosaur sprinted to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The dinosaur stated "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a manager of the airport began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the airport.  The manager of the airport began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  The manager of the airport shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The manager of the airport went to a island, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a cat began to melt.  The cat said "The cars are in the car"  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  A man came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly said "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a dorm.  The dining hall suddenly began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  A statue showed up and shouted "The fires are in the metal square"  The statue began to yell at me.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The church suddenly gave me some pens, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher started melting.  The teacher began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a scarecrow carefully growing much larger.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with bags sticking out of its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dining hall.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me stated "That sucks"  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a scarecrow wildly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The person who looked just like me whispered "The pencils are in the bump"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small teacher with cars on its back.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The teacher began to throw some insects at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I saw a huge dog with dogs on its legs.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the house.  The teacher shook into nothingness.  

I saw a pale tin man with fruit on its arms.  The tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man shook into the ground.  

A monster appeared and drove to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the classroom.  The monster began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a large teacher with mice sticking out of its eyes.  The teacher began to sing to me.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a bed, with a director of the bed wildly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the bed.  The teacher crumbled into the ground.  

A dog appeared and showed me several bags.  The dog shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had accomplished something wrong thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The dog started shaking.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small teacher with dogs all over its tongue.  The teacher showed me several pens.  The teacher began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a airport, with a dinosaur quickly shaking.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and began to crumble.  The statue began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly walked to a classroom.  I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with snows all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The statue began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with metal squares everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with wooden triangles coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some snows at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat appeared and ran to a basement of a dining hall.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  The cat shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a green tin man with photos on its legs.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man ran to a basement of a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful dog with bags all over its tongue.  The dog showed me several lavas.  The dog showed me several cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The cat began to shoot me.  The cat began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a classroom.  The cat gave me some phones.  The cat began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the house.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue absent-mindedly shaking.  The church suddenly began to throw some metal squares at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the house.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The photos are in the fruit"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The tin man began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly said "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man began to shake.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The tin man began to throw some glass squares at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I saw a bright statue with logs on its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the dorm.  The statue sprinted to a bed.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with phones coming out of its mouth.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of bags.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started to spit out lots of mice.  The dinosaur ran to a house.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me shook into the ground.  

I saw a hideous cat with mice all over its toes.  The cat gave me some bugs.  The cat started growing much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a house.  The cat began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a statue shouted "The snows are in the bug"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a green dinosaur with metal squares coming out of its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the airport.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a basement of a bed.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into the ground.  

A monster appeared and began to grab me.  The man gave me some cats.  The monster began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the pen"  The monster began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a green house, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the house.  I saw a futuristic manager of the house with lavas on its tongue.  The house suddenly gave me some logs.  The manager of the house began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the manager of the house saying "Why are you so green?"  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with insects coming out of its eyes.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and gave me some cats.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  The basement of a bed suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  The scene changed to a house, with a teacher slowly shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic tin man with cars on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so green?"  

I was growing much larger in a obscure basement of a island, and I wasn't scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason.  The island suddenly said "The bumps are in the glass square"  A teacher came out of nowhere and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a small dining hall, and I felt a little furious.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly went to a basement of a beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small man with dogs on its tongue.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The man began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man slowly melting.  The tin man started to spit out lots of cats.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a beach.  The airport suddenly showed me several snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I saw a futuristic man with ices on its back.  The basement of a beach suddenly stated "The lavas are in the dog"  The man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The man crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a hideous dog with phones on its eyes.  The dog started to spit out lots of bumps.  The dog drove to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I saw a childlike cat with bumps all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The cat shouted "The dogs are in the mouse"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly began to throw some fruit at me.  I saw a small dog with photos on its arms.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to throw some bags at me.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shake.  The dinosaur walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some insects.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive cat with insects sticking out of its tongue.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The cat began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scene changed to a house, with a man absent-mindedly shaking.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I saw a pale dinosaur with bugs on its arms.  The cat began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the house, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a classroom when all of a sudden a monster started melting.  The monster sprinted to a island.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur slowly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the island.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a basement of a house.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly started shaking.  A monster appeared and gave me some metal triangles.  The monster stated "The photos are in the bug"  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The dinosaur walked to a bed.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  The dinosaur whispered "The insects are in the fruit"  The dinosaur shrunk in height into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with pens everywhere.  The island suddenly began to grab me.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  A cat appeared and started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the island.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and ran to a airport.  The man started shaking.  The airport suddenly gave me some insects.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The airport suddenly stated "That sucks"  I saw a hideous tin man with ices sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed thinking this would help.  The man began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The man melted into the ground.  

A teacher appeared and went to a basement of a basement of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the basement of a bed.  The teacher began to jump over me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  The teacher began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is very tiny" thinking this would help.  The man crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a massive monster with lavas on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a island, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the island.  The basement of a island suddenly gave me some bags.  The basement of a island suddenly started to spit out lots of fires, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of pencils.  The scarecrow gave me some mice.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scarecrow ran to a classroom, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The cat started to spit out lots of lavas.  The cat ran to a church.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with spikes everywhere.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  The airport suddenly ran to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a hideous dorm, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the dorm.  I saw a massive statue with wooden squares coming out of its toes.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and went to a classroom.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The statue began to shrink in height.  The statue grew much larger into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to kick me.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the classroom.  A tin man showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a graceful cat with fruit on its face.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The cat began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The cat started growing much larger.  A dog showed up and began to crumble.  The dog began to jump over me.  The house suddenly walked to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the house, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to throw some spikes at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  A teacher showed up and walked to a bed.  The teacher said "That sucks"  The dinosaur whispered "The pens are in the snow"  The dinosaur shook into thin air.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a cat shouted "The bugs are in the bug"  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly began to punch me.  The dorm suddenly walked to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering dog with lavas on its mouth.  The dog began to shoot me.  The dog began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something wrong.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a childlike bed, and I said "This is extremely massive"  The bed suddenly began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a dog walked to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the basement of a island.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of mice.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the church.  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it "This is very towering"  The dinosaur shrunk in height into thin air.  

A cat came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The cat began to take a photo of me.  The cat whispered "You must look inside"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright monster with bugs on its legs.  The monster began to smack me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The monster started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason.  I saw a massive director of the airport with snows on its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the airport.  The airport suddenly said "You must look inside"  The director of the airport gave me some metal triangles, and I smiled.  

I saw a red dog with phones coming out of its arms.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog walked to a church.  The dog grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a blue teacher with phones sticking out of its back.  The teacher started to spit out lots of fires.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  I don't know why, but I went to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me.  I saw a enormous cat with mice coming out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some photos at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a large bed, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  A director of the bed came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  The director of the bed began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  The director of the bed began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure man with cats all over its toes.  The man drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several spikes.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The photos are in the bug"  

I saw a green scarecrow with phones all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a house, with a director of the house wildly shrinking in height.  The house suddenly began to melt.  I saw a massive dog with bumps on its back.  The director of the house gave me some ices.  The house suddenly showed me several spikes.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so massive?"  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a cat whispered "The snows are in the bag"  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The cat started crumbling.  A monster showed up and began to punch me.  The cat began to slap me, but I yelled at it "This is very massive"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass triangles are in the fire" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the bed, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and began to grow much larger.  The man showed me several ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the beach.  The man shouted "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with pencils everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the beach.  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with bugs on its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with glass triangles on its back.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow sprinted to a house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  I saw a grotesque cat with mice coming out of its feet.  The island suddenly began to stand on me.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The scarecrow gave me some phones, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow stated "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a man slowly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the airport.  The man began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The teacher gave me some fruit.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The scarecrow gave me some cats.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with dogs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and showed me several glass triangles.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur sprinted to a island.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

A tin man showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to crumble.  The tin man began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a statue carefully growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  A teacher appeared and drove to a bed.  The tin man started crumbling.  The bed suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with bugs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The island suddenly began to shake.  I saw a huge cat with snows all over its back.  The cat began to punch me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a statue said "Why are you so hideous?"  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some pencils at me.  The statue began to shoot me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher appeared and whispered "The wooden squares are in the ice"  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The teacher started shaking.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a scarecrow carefully shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the dining hall.  I saw a grotesque man with bugs all over its toes.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow began to throw some dogs at me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of bags.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the dining hall.  A person who looked just like me appeared and sprinted to a island.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and whispered "The cars are in the fruit"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a teacher started to spit out lots of photos.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a house.  A scarecrow appeared and began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the house.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large man with fires on its mouth.  The man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely pale"  The man began to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?"  The house suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The man began to shoot me.  The man crumbled into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher showed me several glass squares.  The teacher gave me some cats.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a large island, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the island.  I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with bumps on its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue monster with lavas coming out of its arms.  The monster gave me some bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me wildly shaking.  The monster began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and began to slap me.  The dog began to shake.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The dog began to throw some mice at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The dog shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a huge statue with metal triangles sticking out of its mouth.  The statue began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The statue began to stand on me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a church.  The statue began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The statue stated "The fruit are in the car"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with wooden triangles everywhere.  The beach suddenly went to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very towering" thinking this would help.  A dinosaur appeared and started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright tin man with lavas all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the cat" for some reason.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and said "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely childlike"  The scarecrow began to smack me.  The scarecrow started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I saw a pale cat with pens coming out of its arms.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a island.  The church suddenly started melting.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque teacher with ices coming out of its eyes.  The teacher began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something wrong.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  The church suddenly said "The cats are in the bump"  I saw a massive tin man with photos on its toes.  The tin man ran to a bed.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The fruit are in the lava"  

I was melting in a enormous airport, and I said "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with bags coming out of its legs.  The airport suddenly stated "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some logs at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The phones are in the lava"  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the basement of a dorm.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat slowly crumbling.  The cat started to spit out lots of ices.  The cat drove to a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the basement of a dorm, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and began to shake.  The tin man stated "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with fruit everywhere.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the basement of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the beach.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dorm.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the dorm.  The dinosaur melted into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with spikes everywhere.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I saw a bright man with metal squares sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and ran to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the dorm.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a house.  The statue went to a airport.  The statue started melting.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a house.  The house suddenly sprinted to a basement of a church.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  I saw a red manager of the classroom with glass squares all over its back.  The manager of the classroom showed me several insects.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a green island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The island suddenly gave me some spikes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the island.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the island.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic man with dogs on its tongue.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The man began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  The man started to spit out lots of phones.  I saw a childlike monster with mice all over its face.  The man ran to a island.  The island suddenly whispered "The bumps are in the glass square"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the ice" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly whispered "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me gave me some bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue man with pens sticking out of its toes.  The man started shrinking in height.  The man showed me several cats.  The man shrunk in height into thin air.  

I was crumbling in a huge dining hall, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a island.  I saw a childlike tin man with insects sticking out of its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the island.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "The glass squares are in the metal triangle"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic man with phones coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I whispered "Hello?"  The beach suddenly drove to a church.  I saw a grotesque dinosaur with bugs coming out of its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a dog began to yell at me.  The airport suddenly drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the classroom.  I saw a tiny director of the classroom with logs all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The director of the classroom began to kick me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with cars everywhere.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  The bed suddenly began to slap me.  A statue showed up and started melting.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the dorm.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the house, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a manager of the dining hall began to grow much larger.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  The manager of the dining hall began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I went to a house.  The manager of the dining hall started melting.  The manager of the dining hall began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  The manager of the dining hall began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some pens at me, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a towering basement of a house, and I shouted "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the basement of a house.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  A leader of the house showed up and drove to a classroom.  The leader of the house began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the classroom.  The leader of the house began to throw some spikes at me, but I could tell it was getting very angry, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and gave me some ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The statue began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the lava"  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  A teacher showed up and stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the house.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some fires at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A teacher appeared and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The teacher sprinted to a house.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The man began to yell at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the airport.  A statue came out of nowhere and went to a dorm.  The statue started melting.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The statue crumbled into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man stated "Hey man, it happens"  The man started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the classroom.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic bed, and I shouted "That sucks"  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  A cat appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The cat walked to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure man with glass squares on its arms.  The man whispered "You must look inside"  The man started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a futuristic teacher with lavas all over its tongue.  The house suddenly said "The spikes are in the pencil"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the house.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive monster with pens coming out of its mouth.  The monster showed me several insects.  The monster began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale monster with photos sticking out of its back.  The monster drove to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the house.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a airport.  The monster began to shrink in height.  I saw a pleasant cat with snows sticking out of its mouth.  The monster showed me several cats.  The cat started to spit out lots of cars.  The cat crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with ices all over its tongue.  The scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow gave me some cars.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a towering dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the dining hall.  A monster appeared and started shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly stated "Why are you so towering?"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The pens are in the metal square"  

A monster came out of nowhere and gave me some dogs.  The monster began to shake.  The monster began to shrink in height.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I saw a tiny teacher with logs on its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the bed.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to throw some pencils at me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me drove to a house.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me said "That sucks"  I saw a red cat with glass squares coming out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a man began to crumble.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I saw a towering teacher with cars on its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the island.  The teacher began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a teacher walked to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The teacher ran to a dining hall.  I saw a tiny dog with cats coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very pale" thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the airport, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and ran to a island.  The dog drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a monster absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The classroom suddenly whispered "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright statue with logs all over its toes.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "The glass squares are in the photo"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a huge monster with snows on its feet.  The monster gave me some photos.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a pale beach, and I shouted "This is very grotesque"  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the beach.  I saw a green person who looked just like me with cats sticking out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me gave me some dogs.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

A statue showed up and began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The statue began to throw some cats at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

A cat appeared and began to melt.  The cat began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat began to stand on me.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a person who looked just like me carefully shrinking in height.  The cat began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I saw a massive statue with glass squares all over its face.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to shake.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into the ground.  

A tin man showed up and began to yell at me.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The tin man began to throw some lavas at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the beach.  I saw a tiny dog with metal squares sticking out of its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the beach.  The beach suddenly stated "The dogs are in the snow"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a pale island, and I felt a little furious.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I saw a obscure teacher with bumps coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the island.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a tiny beach, and I whispered "I want to shake"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the beach.  The beach suddenly walked to a church.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a scarecrow wildly melting.  The scarecrow said "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the basement of a house.  The beach suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge scarecrow with wooden triangles sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little childlike" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I whispered "I want to crumble"  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat appeared and started to spit out lots of ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the island.  The man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with spikes coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the photo" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a man absent-mindedly melting.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering teacher with photos on its legs.  The teacher ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the house.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure statue with wooden squares on its arms.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The statue began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a green dinosaur with photos on its face.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dinosaur began to throw some bugs at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  A tin man showed up and showed me several pens.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the basement of a dining hall.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so blue?"  

A monster showed up and drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grab me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue quickly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the beach.  The monster began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dining hall.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and began to grow much larger.  The cat started to spit out lots of mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a island.  The cat began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the basement of a basement of a island.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with insects on its legs.  The dinosaur began to smack me.  The dinosaur went to a dining hall.  I don't know why, but I walked to a church.  The church suddenly showed me several bugs.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The dinosaur began to slap me, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to sing to me.  The dinosaur said "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a cat wildly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a enormous church, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the church.  A dog came out of nowhere and stated "Why are you so bright?"  The dog showed me several metal squares.  The dog drove to a house.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with phones everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the church.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog carefully shaking.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The bugs are in the bug"  

I saw a blue dog with photos coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dog whispered "The metal squares are in the bag"  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The statue started melting.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure cat with metal squares on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little tiny" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is somewhat pleasant" for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a statue quickly shrinking in height.  The basement of a church suddenly began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright teacher with insects sticking out of its arms.  The teacher began to crumble.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to throw some cars at me.  The person who looked just like me ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and began to smack me.  The tin man ran to a airport.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being scared.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and went to a house.  The scarecrow sprinted to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the classroom.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with ices all over its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I saw a towering teacher with snows all over its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried thinking this would help.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a dog whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the beach.  The scene changed to a bed, with a manager of the beach slowly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the beach.  The dog began to shake.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with dogs all over its legs.  The scarecrow began to stand on me.  The scarecrow began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher quickly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the island.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started crumbling.  The airport suddenly drove to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster carefully crumbling.  The beach suddenly showed me several bugs.  The monster said "Why are you so bright?"  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike classroom, and I whispered "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly went to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a airport, with a man wildly shaking.  The man began to kick me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and went to a church.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The church suddenly said "The bugs are in the phone"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a tin man carefully crumbling.  The tin man gave me some fruit.  I saw a graceful man with insects all over its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me drove to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small teacher with fires on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The teacher began to shake.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous thinking this would help.  I saw a bright tin man with mice all over its toes.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a manager of the church went to a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the airport.  The church suddenly whispered "The dogs are in the pen"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The church suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the church.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the church saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with ices all over its face.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of cars.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and walked to a beach.  The tin man began to smack me, but I yelled at it "This is a little futuristic"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to melt, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure tin man with mice on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a teacher carefully melting.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a dorm.  The airport suddenly went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the dorm.  I saw a red dinosaur with lavas all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the bed.  The dinosaur shook into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the airport.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with ices everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a pleasant cat with mice coming out of its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright dog with logs coming out of its feet.  The dog ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I was shaking in a pleasant dorm, and I shouted "What's going on?"  The dorm suddenly said "The lavas are in the fire"  The dorm suddenly walked to a basement of a house.  The scene changed to a airport, with a director of the house carefully shrinking in height.  The director of the house started melting.  The director of the house began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the dining hall.  The statue began to punch me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so red?"  

I saw a huge statue with lavas sticking out of its mouth.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  I saw a pleasant dog with glass triangles all over its legs.  The dog began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat graceful"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The statue crumbled into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a monster shouted "The bumps are in the bug"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the church.  A dog came out of nowhere and said "The mice are in the metal square"  The church suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a hideous house, and I began to melt.  The house suddenly began to shoot me.  The house suddenly showed me several spikes.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a cat ran to a island.  The cat began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the church.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous tin man with logs sticking out of its arms.  The tin man began to stand on me.  The tin man started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The tin man drove to a airport.  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with spikes on its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me stated "Why are you so enormous?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large cat with lavas all over its back.  The cat began to kick me.  The cat began to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A man showed up and started melting.  The man gave me some fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and whispered "That sucks"  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  The monster began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so massive?"  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  The island suddenly whispered "The bags are in the pencil"  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man absent-mindedly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the classroom.  The tin man whispered "Why are you so futuristic?"  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and started growing much larger.  The man began to throw some ices at me.  The man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man slowly crumbling.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A dinosaur appeared and began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the dorm.  The tin man melted into thin air.  

I saw a futuristic tin man with fires coming out of its toes.  The tin man began to grab me.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bugs.  The person who looked just like me ran to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the phone" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering teacher with mice all over its toes.  The teacher whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I felt strangely furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to grab me.  The teacher gave me some metal triangles.  The teacher melted into thin air.  

A monster came out of nowhere and gave me some phones.  The monster began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue wildly crumbling.  The statue started shrinking in height.  I saw a bright manager of the church with bumps coming out of its back.  The church suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The manager of the church began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous for some reason.  The airport suddenly walked to a beach.  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man slowly shaking.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a pale classroom, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly showed me several cats.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly showed me several glass triangles.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green teacher with insects coming out of its mouth.  The teacher gave me some spikes.  The teacher began to grab me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely red"  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster carefully shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright cat with cats coming out of its tongue.  The cat started to spit out lots of cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The cat began to shake.  The cat ran to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with snows everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the airport.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The airport suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a blue dorm, and I shouted "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous cat with metal triangles coming out of its feet.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The cat began to throw some dogs at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the church.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The cat shrunk in height into the ground.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur ran to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The dinosaur began to throw some photos at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I saw a tiny tin man with fruit all over its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the church.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a enormous monster with fruit on its arms.  The monster gave me some pens.  The monster began to throw some metal squares at me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  The house suddenly began to jump over me.  The house suddenly began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure tin man with fires all over its tongue.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat quickly crumbling.  The tin man said "You must look inside"  I saw a large man with dogs coming out of its feet.  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the spike" for some reason.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous statue with spikes on its eyes.  The statue whispered "You must look inside"  The statue began to crumble.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher slowly shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  The bed suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The dogs are in the dog"  

I saw a tiny teacher with fruit sticking out of its feet.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The teacher began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a grotesque dining hall, and I began to shake.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly stated "The ices are in the fire"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant man with ices coming out of its eyes.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The man started shrinking in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly showed me several snows.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to crumble.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a pale bed, and I wasn't worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the bed.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the bed.  The church suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and began to grab me.  The statue showed me several fires.  The statue began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a beach, with a tin man quickly melting.  The statue started shaking.  I saw a blue man with glass squares sticking out of its mouth.  The statue whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and gave me some phones.  The man drove to a church.  The man began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The man began to slap me, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the church.  I saw a huge man with cats on its back.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The man started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the church, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a pale house, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I saw a huge dog with snows on its arms.  The house suddenly showed me several dogs.  The dog began to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange house with lavas everywhere.  The basement of a house suddenly walked to a bed.  The basement of a house suddenly started to spit out lots of glass squares.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of mice.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with cars coming out of its eyes.  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt strangely terrified.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the dining hall.  I saw a green teacher with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The teacher showed me several phones.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a beach.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little anxious thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the church.  The church suddenly whispered "Why are you so childlike?", and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a monster began to melt.  The beach suddenly said "The photos are in the photo"  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  The beach suddenly began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the beach.  The beach suddenly walked to a basement of a island, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant man with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a bed.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and whispered "Why are you so obscure?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the bed.  The person who looked just like me walked to a beach, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and started to spit out lots of mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The scarecrow started melting.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the beach.  The beach suddenly gave me some bumps, and I smiled.  

A monster showed up and showed me several photos.  The monster began to grab me.  The monster shouted "You must look inside"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a bed.  The monster began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a massive director of the bed with insects coming out of its legs.  The bed suddenly began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the bed.  The director of the bed continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a house.  The island suddenly began to shake.  The house suddenly drove to a dorm.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the island, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a bright dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the dining hall.  I saw a red scarecrow with cats all over its toes.  The scarecrow gave me some metal squares.  The dining hall suddenly went to a dorm.  The scarecrow shook into nothingness.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with wooden squares on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dinosaur stated "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the church.  I saw a enormous director of the church with glass triangles all over its legs.  The church suddenly gave me some cars.  The dinosaur showed me several fires.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large cat with bugs sticking out of its back.  The cat whispered "That sucks"  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dinosaur wildly crumbling.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me.  I saw a childlike statue with snows all over its legs.  The statue stated "The fires are in the spike"  The beach suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small monster with fruit sticking out of its face.  The monster began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur said "That sucks"  The basement of a airport suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to smack me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque house, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I felt a little content.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the house.  The bed suddenly went to a classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a bright classroom, and I said "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow showed up and walked to a island.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The logs are in the snow"  

A tin man appeared and started melting.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass squares are in the dog" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dorm.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  A cat appeared and gave me some phones.  The cat gave me some photos.  The cat began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a tin man ran to a island.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content thinking this would help.  I saw a large statue with ices coming out of its legs.  The island suddenly began to melt.  The statue began to smack me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering dog with photos sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  A scarecrow showed up and began to grab me.  The scarecrow began to throw some pens at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dog drove to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a green airport, and I heard a voice say "The photos are in the car"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and began to grab me.  The dog drove to a dining hall.  The dog began to crumble.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a beach.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  I saw a red monster with phones all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a dorm.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a grotesque monster with snows coming out of its face.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The monster began to throw some pens at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The teacher walked to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man quickly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with logs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very massive" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the bed.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  The person who looked just like me went to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange basement of a beach with cats everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the basement of a beach.  The basement of a beach suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  A statue appeared and began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the basement of a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and stated "That sucks"  The cat ran to a classroom.  The cat began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog wildly shrinking in height.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  A tin man showed up and gave me some photos.  The tin man began to yell at me.  The dog stated "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale tin man with bags coming out of its legs.  The tin man began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The tin man began to throw some cars at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?"  The tin man began to melt.  A cat came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The tin man began to throw some phones at me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of bags.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being worried.  The person who looked just like me drove to a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly said "Why are you so enormous?"  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

A teacher appeared and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher went to a bed.  The teacher began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green dinosaur with pens on its tongue.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the basement of a basement of a island.  A cat showed up and began to melt.  The dinosaur started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified thinking this would help.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into thin air.  

A dog came out of nowhere and showed me several cars.  The dog started shaking.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly went to a dorm.  A cat appeared and stated "The wooden triangles are in the insect"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the dorm.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with bags everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the dining hall.  A dog appeared and gave me some ices.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The dog began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and said "The lavas are in the phone"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the airport.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and went to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to slap me.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike teacher with bags all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The teacher began to crumble.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a manager of the dorm quickly crumbling.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  A statue showed up and started to spit out lots of logs.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with photos coming out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me went to a beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a church.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  I saw a futuristic monster with bugs on its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the church.  The church suddenly showed me several phones.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a director of the bed drove to a island.  The director of the bed began to throw some snows at me, but I shouted at it "This is a little small"  The director of the bed began to kick me, but I shouted at it "This is a little tiny"  A teacher showed up and began to melt.  The director of the bed began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little futuristic" thinking this would help.  The director of the bed shook into the ground.  

A dog showed up and sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly said "The wooden squares are in the dog"  The dog began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a large tin man with mice on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The tin man began to smack me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dining hall.  The tin man walked to a dorm.  A leader of the dorm appeared and began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the dorm.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with pens on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  A cat appeared and showed me several bags.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a monster whispered "The logs are in the snow"  The dining hall suddenly stated "That sucks"  The monster began to grow much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the beach.  The beach suddenly said "The wooden triangles are in the bump"  The monster crumbled into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the bed.  I saw a green man with snows all over its back.  The man stated "That sucks"  The man showed me several bugs.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of bugs.  The scene changed to a beach, with a leader of the beach carefully melting.  The leader of the beach walked to a basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a statue ran to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the airport.  A teacher showed up and began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the airport.  The teacher began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shaking in a pale dorm, and I wasn't afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me quickly shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me went to a basement of a island.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The beach suddenly showed me several pens.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous teacher with fires coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The teacher grew much larger into the ground.  

A monster came out of nowhere and drove to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the airport.  The monster began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt very content.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the airport.  I saw a hideous man with cars coming out of its arms.  The man said "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a island.  The monster grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a green dinosaur with cats on its eyes.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so green?"  

I saw a tiny man with photos coming out of its arms.  The man began to grab me.  The man began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man quickly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I saw a red teacher with logs coming out of its toes.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some insects at me.  The tin man showed me several fires.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the church, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a tiny basement of a basement of a dining hall, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the basement of a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the basement of a basement of a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stated "I want to grow much larger"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the basement of a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive monster with bags all over its tongue.  The monster started to spit out lots of spikes.  The monster began to shoot me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  The monster began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and started growing much larger.  The dog began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque monster with phones sticking out of its eyes.  The monster began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shaking in a red classroom, and I heard a voice say "The pens are in the mouse"  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the classroom.  A cat appeared and walked to a church.  The cat stated "The lavas are in the photo"  The cat began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "This is very hideous"  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and started shaking.  The statue began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the mouse" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster carefully melting.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  A tin man appeared and began to grow much larger.  The airport suddenly drove to a beach.  The statue began to shrink in height.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dog began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The dog began to throw some photos at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

I saw a red cat with wooden squares all over its feet.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the dorm.  I saw a massive director of the dorm with spikes all over its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly stated "That sucks"  The director of the dorm began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  A dog came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of lavas.  The dog began to grow much larger.  The bed suddenly started melting.  The dog stated "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me ran to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the dorm.  I saw a graceful dog with phones coming out of its mouth.  The dog began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The dog melted into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a man began to throw some mice at me.  The man began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  The man drove to a beach.  I saw a hideous tin man with metal squares coming out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a small house, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the house.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly went to a bed.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and began to jump over me.  The scarecrow showed me several bugs.  The cat began to sing to me, but I threw some dogs at it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some bugs.  The dog began to crumble.  The dog started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "What's going on?"  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dog began to grow much larger.  The dog began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a huge airport, and I said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and began to throw some pens at me.  The teacher began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The teacher stated "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the church.  I saw a blue manager of the church with spikes coming out of its feet.  The manager of the church began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  The church suddenly went to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A cat appeared and walked to a house.  The house suddenly began to sing to me.  The house suddenly began to kick me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a futuristic dog with bumps all over its eyes.  The cat began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The dog began to smack me, but I threw some phones at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the bed.  I saw a grotesque monster with wooden squares sticking out of its legs.  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  The bed suddenly drove to a basement of a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a green island, and I stated "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the island.  I saw a pale scarecrow with lavas on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The scarecrow began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with wooden triangles everywhere.  The church suddenly showed me several wooden squares.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the church.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a statue quickly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a man gave me some cars.  The man began to grow much larger.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The basement of a house suddenly started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The lavas are in the photo"  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a dog ran to a classroom.  The island suddenly walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the classroom.  The house suddenly sprinted to a airport.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me, and I smiled.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of lavas.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with lavas everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I don't know why, but I ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with snows everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly said "Why are you so massive?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with lavas coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of insects.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a classroom.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the bed.  I saw a red monster with fruit sticking out of its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the bed.  The monster began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and showed me several fires.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me said "The bumps are in the bump"  I don't know why, but I went to a basement of a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  A teacher showed up and began to smack me.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  The teacher grew much larger into nothingness.  

A man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The man shook into thin air.  

I saw a childlike statue with phones all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The statue began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering dog with bags on its arms.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dog began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The dog shouted "Why are you so towering?"  The airport suddenly walked to a island.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The photos are in the snow"  

I saw a massive scarecrow with metal triangles coming out of its back.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scarecrow began to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I wasn't happy about it.  The scarecrow began to melt.  A man came out of nowhere and went to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster began to shrink in height.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being scared.  The monster began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I threw some dogs at it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me gave me some photos.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly drove to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a tin man showed me several metal squares.  The church suddenly began to slap me.  The church suddenly began to throw some logs at me.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a island.  The tin man sprinted to a bed.  The church suddenly ran to a basement of a beach.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with pens sticking out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The person who looked just like me showed me several fires.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat quickly crumbling.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue tin man with lavas all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt very angry.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I whispered "I want to shrink in height"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the house.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and gave me some mice.  The teacher began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The teacher began to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright cat with phones sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The cat began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a enormous monster with fires all over its tongue.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The monster began to throw some spikes at me.  The cat melted into the ground.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with ices on its eyes.  The person who looked just like me gave me some bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the classroom.  I saw a tiny tin man with ices sticking out of its eyes.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright scarecrow with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The scarecrow drove to a classroom.  The scarecrow started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is somewhat large" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with ices everywhere.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the classroom.  I saw a hideous dinosaur with mice on its mouth.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green cat with dogs coming out of its mouth.  The cat began to throw some pencils at me.  The cat went to a island.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly drove to a airport.  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with wooden squares coming out of its face.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is very blue"  The bed suddenly stated "Why are you so green?"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and gave me some photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The man began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly drove to a classroom.  The man gave me some snows.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small tin man with logs on its back.  The tin man began to throw some pencils at me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly melting.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  A cat came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The cat began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly began to jump over me.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and gave me some fires.  The statue began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the house.  I saw a futuristic teacher with bugs all over its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the house.  The teacher shook into thin air.  

A cat appeared and said "The bags are in the lava"  The cat whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The statue went to a bed.  The statue began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a pale beach, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the beach.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow quickly crumbling.  The scarecrow began to yell at me.  The scarecrow ran to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny teacher with mice coming out of its tongue.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

A monster appeared and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The monster began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I saw a red teacher with phones on its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the house.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive dog with cars coming out of its back.  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The dog began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat wildly crumbling.  The dorm suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a towering tin man with cats on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small monster with photos on its tongue.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very grotesque" for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue slowly shrinking in height.  The statue whispered "That sucks"  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The classroom suddenly ran to a church.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The monster shook into nothingness.  

A dog appeared and began to grab me.  The dog began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I said "What's going on?"  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dog gave me some phones.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The cats are in the car"  

I was shaking in a small dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?"  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a house, with a man carefully melting.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The man gave me some pencils.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange classroom with metal squares everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly ran to a house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and stated "The dogs are in the mouse"  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The statue began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me went to a beach.  The dining hall suddenly began to kick me.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the bed.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very content, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright monster with glass squares on its back.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large dinosaur with pens on its legs.  The dinosaur walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly stated "That sucks"  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher carefully growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content for some reason.  A dog appeared and began to crumble.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of cars.  The dog started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the island, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and stated "The glass squares are in the pen"  The person who looked just like me gave me some spikes.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the bed.  I saw a towering dog with snows coming out of its toes.  The dog ran to a basement of a beach.  The dog began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The tin man started melting.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious for some reason.  A monster came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of dogs.  The monster began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a blue island, and I began to shake.  The island suddenly began to melt.  The island suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  A person who looked just like me showed up and whispered "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with glass squares everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a church.  The church suddenly began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I wasn't concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red monster with phones sticking out of its arms.  The monster gave me some ices.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scene changed to a church, with a dog wildly crumbling.  The church suddenly ran to a house.  The dog started melting.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous monster with cars sticking out of its eyes.  The monster began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher started melting.  The teacher began to throw some lavas at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The bed suddenly began to throw some bugs at me.  I saw a large dog with wooden triangles coming out of its face.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the bed.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the airport.  I saw a massive statue with snows sticking out of its eyes.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The statue crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with mice sticking out of its back.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the basement of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the basement of a bed.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The logs are in the dog"  

A scarecrow appeared and ran to a airport.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some logs at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't scared.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the airport.  The statue shook into the ground.  

I saw a graceful teacher with lavas sticking out of its legs.  The teacher began to throw some cats at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The teacher walked to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  A dinosaur showed up and began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the island.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

A monster appeared and started crumbling.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike dog with metal squares on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dog went to a church.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started to spit out lots of pens.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something terrible.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with phones coming out of its arms.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I yelled at it "This is very futuristic"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I saw a blue teacher with cars on its legs.  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The bags are in the log"  

I saw a blue teacher with photos coming out of its arms.  The teacher began to yell at me.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  The teacher started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The bed suddenly ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a statue began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the island.  The statue showed me several bugs.  A leader of the island came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a dining hall.  The statue began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the island saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur whispered "That sucks"  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  A dog showed up and began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is extremely green" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  The monster began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The monster showed me several fires.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I wasn't scared.  The island suddenly whispered "Why are you so green?"  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a man began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful statue with logs on its arms.  The statue began to yell at me.  The statue began to throw some dogs at me.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious, and I smiled.  

I saw a large monster with mice sticking out of its toes.  The monster began to shake.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The monster began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The monster stated "Hey man, it happens"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red scarecrow with phones coming out of its toes.  The scarecrow gave me some spikes.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The dog started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with logs sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure tin man with photos coming out of its toes.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The tin man began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and drove to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the airport.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat futuristic"  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a cat carefully shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering man with cats on its mouth.  The man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The man began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "This is very graceful"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and showed me several ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The cat gave me some lavas.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The man began to throw some phones at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The man began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  A tin man showed up and drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a green classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  A teacher appeared and started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the classroom.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The dogs are in the metal triangle"  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a statue began to kick me.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The island suddenly began to melt.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  The statue began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of mice.  The cat showed me several photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a house, with a man absent-mindedly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the house.  A monster appeared and sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so massive?"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dinosaur carefully growing much larger.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a man started shaking.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so small?"  

I saw a grotesque teacher with fruit coming out of its legs.  The teacher began to shoot me.  The teacher began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat carefully growing much larger.  The cat showed me several ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic cat with snows coming out of its feet.  The cat began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The cat began to kick me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster wildly growing much larger.  The monster started to spit out lots of cars.  A statue appeared and ran to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the dorm.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The cat gave me some bumps, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike dog with fruit on its tongue.  The dog began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog began to slap me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a graceful dog with bumps coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The dog gave me some bugs.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The dog began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something satisfying.  The dog began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The dog shook into thin air.  

I saw a large statue with logs coming out of its arms.  The statue started growing much larger.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The statue gave me some cars.  A teacher appeared and said "That sucks"  The statue began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The teacher began to grab me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a childlike church, and I began to shake.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  The church suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I saw a huge monster with wooden triangles on its mouth.  The church suddenly shouted "The metal triangles are in the pencil"  The church suddenly showed me several pens.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

A statue showed up and drove to a bed.  The statue began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the bed.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a red island, and I wasn't concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I saw a grotesque dinosaur with cats all over its feet.  The island suddenly showed me several fires.  The island suddenly went to a beach.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow ran to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The bed suddenly began to slap me.  The bed suddenly gave me some bugs.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of snows.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the insect"  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I saw a bright dog with fruit sticking out of its face.  The tin man started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the classroom.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with fruit everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the island.  The island suddenly started shaking.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and started melting.  The scarecrow gave me some bumps.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "This is very enormous"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a cat started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the airport.  The cat began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I saw a massive scarecrow with mice all over its eyes.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The scarecrow drove to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a huge house, and I began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the house.  A man showed up and showed me several cats.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the house.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange basement of a bed on top of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the bed.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with spikes on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the basement of a bed.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a pale classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a man gave me some pens.  The man began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The man started to spit out lots of cats.  I don't know why, but I drove to a house.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a massive church, and I felt strangely relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the church.  The church suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous thinking this would help.  The church suddenly stated "Why are you so green?"  The church suddenly began to slap me, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man ran to a basement of a airport.  The man began to jump over me.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to melt.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  The man began to shoot me, but I threw some wooden triangles at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man began to shake.  The man began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the dining hall.  A monster appeared and began to melt.  The man stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a large dog with bugs all over its arms.  The dog began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man quickly crumbling.  The dog began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike man with photos coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The man began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the church.  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with spikes everywhere.  The house suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the house.  I saw a red dog with insects sticking out of its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the house, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and stated "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The dinosaur grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque dog with snows all over its tongue.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a man slowly shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Why are you so grotesque?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and started growing much larger.  The statue began to melt.  The statue began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The statue started shaking.  A cat came out of nowhere and started melting.  The statue began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the beach.  The cat shook into thin air.  

I was growing much larger in a huge airport, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the airport.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly began to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a island, and I felt slightly worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous man with bugs coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The man began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to crumble.  The man walked to a airport.  I saw a tiny scarecrow with phones sticking out of its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the airport.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a huge man with dogs all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous thinking this would help.  The man said "That sucks"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster wildly melting.  The dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  A manager of the dorm showed up and showed me several snows.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow showed up and started crumbling.  The scarecrow stated "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green man with fruit on its arms.  The man gave me some wooden triangles.  The man started melting.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the airport.  The man walked to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with ices everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I whispered "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the house.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a green airport, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the airport.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous scarecrow with ices on its back.  The scarecrow began to grab me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and gave me some insects.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The tin man drove to a dorm.  I don't know why, but I went to a beach.  The tin man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly ran to a classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge teacher with snows sticking out of its face.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat bright"  The teacher began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and began to grab me.  The cat began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  The cat began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  A scarecrow showed up and gave me some mice.  The scarecrow walked to a dorm.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with pens coming out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of phones.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

A dog showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?" for some reason.  The dog began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "The photos are in the mouse"  The dog started to spit out lots of spikes.  The dog began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The dog melted into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a blue beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the beach.  The house suddenly showed me several snows, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of photos.  The man showed me several insects.  The man began to grow much larger.  A teacher showed up and began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with fires everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The island suddenly walked to a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large tin man with bugs on its arms.  The tin man showed me several glass triangles.  The tin man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a obscure beach, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I saw a obscure monster with bugs on its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the house.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some bugs at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry for some reason.  I saw a bright person who looked just like me with phones all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a tin man started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the church.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The tin man whispered "The dogs are in the lava"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a dining hall when all of a sudden a man gave me some ices.  The man began to melt.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly gave me some lavas.  I saw a tiny tin man with fires sticking out of its arms.  The tin man started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue statue with glass triangles all over its tongue.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The statue began to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

I was growing much larger in a red airport, and I felt very worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the airport.  A man came out of nowhere and walked to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The man started to spit out lots of pens.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with dogs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  A dog showed up and began to punch me.  The bed suddenly showed me several pencils.  The dog began to grab me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat pale"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bugs.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I saw a large tin man with ices coming out of its tongue.  The tin man stated "Why are you so large?"  The tin man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a cat began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the airport.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow wildly crumbling.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The cat began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "This is a little blue"  The scarecrow shook into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the dining hall.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very terrified thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I threw some phones at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur carefully growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the island.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with fires all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had accomplished something terrible thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the house.  A director of the house appeared and began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the house.  The director of the house continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large statue with insects all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The statue began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The statue began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with ices sticking out of its eyes.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and walked to a bed.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I felt slightly angry.  The dinosaur began to shake.  I saw a graceful monster with fires coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the island.  A dog appeared and showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The basement of a island suddenly began to jump over me.  The dog shrunk in height into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the church.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the bed.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny dog with pencils on its tongue.  The dog began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some cars at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the bed.  The dog started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with logs everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the dining hall.  I saw a large dog with dogs coming out of its toes.  The dog showed me several photos.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful cat with pens all over its tongue.  The cat began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some photos at me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a leader of the airport gave me some cars.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the airport.  The leader of the airport drove to a basement of a classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "That sucks"  The leader of the airport began to throw some lavas at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to melt.  The leader of the airport began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something satisfying, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque tin man with lavas sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry thinking this would help.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog quickly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the dining hall.  The dog began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and started to spit out lots of snows.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dog began to sing to me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  The scarecrow began to throw some phones at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a manager of the house wildly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow started to spit out lots of logs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the wooden square" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the basement of a house.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive basement of a basement of a bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the bed.  A director of the basement of a basement of a bed appeared and began to shoot me.  The basement of a bed suddenly ran to a house.  The director of the basement of a basement of a bed began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  The basement of a basement of a bed suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a red basement of a dining hall, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly shouted "Why are you so obscure?"  A manager of the dining hall showed up and began to shake.  The manager of the dining hall began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The manager of the dining hall began to throw some pencils at me.  The manager of the dining hall continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and walked to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?"  The scarecrow gave me some spikes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the basement of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to sing to me.  The dinosaur began to punch me.  The dinosaur gave me some fires.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a man started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the beach.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of snows.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I threw some pens at it and ran away.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue dinosaur with photos coming out of its face.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The dinosaur began to throw some bugs at me.  A tin man showed up and started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the church.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  The dog whispered "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to kick me.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a statue absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dorm suddenly gave me some mice.  I saw a small cat with snows all over its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the basement of a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green outside the dorm.  A cat appeared and whispered "Why are you so green?"  The cat began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  The cat melted into nothingness.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The monster whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat hideous"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The fires are in the phone"  

I saw a huge monster with bags sticking out of its tongue.  The monster started growing much larger.  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly gave me some snows.  I saw a pleasant statue with bugs sticking out of its face.  The house suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The monster began to slap me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red tin man with bumps on its back.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a house.  The tin man started growing much larger.  A manager of the house showed up and began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the house.  The manager of the house began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and began to shrink in height.  The monster stated "That sucks"  The monster began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The monster started to spit out lots of dogs.  A teacher showed up and went to a island.  The island suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and began to slap me.  The dog began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dog stated "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a house.  The house suddenly began to melt.  The house suddenly began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and stated "That sucks"  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to throw some cats at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the bed.  I saw a pale person who looked just like me with snows all over its back.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The bed suddenly started melting.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

I'm melting in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the basement of a house.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster slowly shaking.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of cars.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the basement of a house.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a huge basement of a classroom, and I stated "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the classroom.  The house suddenly drove to a beach.  A monster came out of nowhere and stated "The spikes are in the snow"  The beach suddenly whispered "The bags are in the bug"  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a house.  The airport suddenly ran to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the house.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and stated "Why are you so tiny?"  The scarecrow went to a beach.  The scarecrow walked to a bed.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The phones are in the bug"  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me gave me some photos.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt strangely angry.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  A teacher came out of nowhere and walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the church.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a dining hall.  The basement of a island suddenly began to shake.  The basement of a island suddenly started shaking.  I saw a pleasant monster with mice all over its tongue.  The monster said "Why are you so pleasant?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a obscure church, and I stated "Who are you?"  The church suddenly stated "That sucks"  The church suddenly began to melt.  A man appeared and started to spit out lots of bumps.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the church.  The man began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is a little red"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous dog with wooden triangles on its eyes.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a island.  The island suddenly started shaking.  I saw a enormous cat with bumps all over its tongue.  The island suddenly gave me some snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a hideous basement of a classroom, and I stated "This is somewhat enormous"  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the classroom.  A director of the basement of a classroom appeared and began to shrink in height.  The director of the basement of a classroom began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  The classroom suddenly showed me several snows.  The director of the basement of a classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with pens on its face.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me quickly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so massive?"  

A teacher showed up and started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat blue"  The teacher started to spit out lots of dogs.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content thinking this would help.  I saw a obscure tin man with logs on its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the basement of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a futuristic church, and I felt very anxious.  The church suddenly began to punch me.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some fruit.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful dog with bags coming out of its arms.  The dog began to throw some logs at me, but I screamed at it "This is a little huge"  The dog began to kick me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a enormous statue with phones on its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the bed.  The dog began to jump over me.  The statue melted into thin air.  

A cat appeared and went to a bed.  The cat began to slap me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a church.  The cat began to grab me.  I saw a huge manager of the church with fruit sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The cat whispered "The spikes are in the ice"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The logs are in the pen"  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a statue began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the airport.  The statue began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I saw a grotesque man with photos all over its tongue.  The statue began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  The man began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  The man shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a futuristic cat with cats sticking out of its toes.  The cat walked to a house.  The house suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The cat began to melt, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a leader of the dining hall began to stand on me.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  The leader of the dining hall began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I saw a green cat with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  The leader of the dining hall walked to a house.  The cat whispered "That sucks", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a bed.  The church suddenly began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I saw a red statue with insects sticking out of its feet.  The church suddenly began to stand on me.  The statue began to shake.  The statue shook into thin air.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and showed me several ices.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue sprinted to a bed.  The statue gave me some insects.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  A tin man showed up and started crumbling.  The tin man started growing much larger.  The tin man began to slap me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A tin man appeared and started to spit out lots of insects.  The tin man began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The tin man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The tin man began to grab me, but I grabbed it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a huge tin man with pencils sticking out of its mouth.  The tin man began to smack me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher slowly growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Why are you so huge?"  The dining hall suddenly began to punch me.  The teacher shrunk in height into thin air.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The tin man began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  The tin man started melting.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster wildly shrinking in height.  The tin man gave me some insects.  I saw a small dinosaur with logs on its mouth.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large teacher with insects on its back.  The teacher began to stand on me.  The teacher started melting.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the beach.  The teacher went to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and showed me several phones.  The monster went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a blue beach, and I whispered "That sucks"  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the island.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The island suddenly said "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and began to kick me.  The statue started melting.  The statue began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man quickly shrinking in height.  The statue began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several pens.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The statue crumbled into nothingness.  

A cat appeared and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The cat began to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the beach.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a teacher began to shoot me.  The teacher stated "That sucks"  The teacher began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a beach, with a dinosaur carefully crumbling.  The house suddenly started melting.  The house suddenly began to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The pencils are in the cat"  

A cat showed up and started to spit out lots of photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had done something satisfying thinking this would help.  The cat began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a dog quickly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the basement of a airport.  I saw a enormous tin man with dogs coming out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The dog began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and ran to a church.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  The teacher began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a pleasant church, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the church.  The church suddenly showed me several insects.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I began to crumble.  The church suddenly said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the basement of a house.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The statue showed me several spikes.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The statue began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  A dog showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  A person who looked just like me appeared and gave me some pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the airport.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A statue came out of nowhere and went to a dorm.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The statue walked to a airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the airport.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge statue with snows on its mouth.  The statue said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and stated "You must look inside"  The statue began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The statue began to throw some bugs at me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the island.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The statue shook into thin air.  

A man appeared and began to shoot me.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a church.  The man began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  I saw a futuristic monster with ices coming out of its tongue.  The monster walked to a beach.  The man started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly gave me some fires, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with cats all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some dogs at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me walked to a basement of a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  The island suddenly began to shake.  A dinosaur appeared and began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the basement of a dining hall.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the house.  A monster showed up and started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the house.  The monster shook into thin air.  

I saw a hideous dog with cats on its face.  The dog drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly went to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a man went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the church.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being happy about it.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The church suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a tin man started to spit out lots of pens.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the bed.  I saw a grotesque man with lavas on its toes.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The man began to yell at me.  The man shook into thin air.  

I saw a green teacher with bugs all over its legs.  The teacher began to throw some fruit at me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The teacher began to throw some photos at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The teacher grew much larger into nothingness.  

A teacher appeared and began to crumble.  The teacher showed me several bumps.  The teacher began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a massive bed, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I said "I want to melt"  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with photos everywhere.  The house suddenly walked to a basement of a dining hall.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man sprinted to a house.  The tin man began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me quickly crumbling.  The house suddenly said "That sucks"  The tin man began to throw some bags at me.  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a church, but it's a very strange basement of a church on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the basement of a church.  The church suddenly said "The photos are in the photo"  I saw a blue scarecrow with ices on its tongue.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had accomplished something great thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a cat showed me several lavas.  The cat began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The island suddenly gave me some pencils.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the island.  The island suddenly showed me several bags.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with mice everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a futuristic scarecrow with pens on its feet.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

I was melting in a massive classroom, and I wasn't worried.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The airport suddenly stated "Why are you so massive?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly walked to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with logs all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The church suddenly began to shake.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with glass triangles all over its toes.  The person who looked just like me gave me some spikes.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat quickly melting.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  A monster appeared and began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was crumbling in a grotesque island, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The island suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some cats.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a towering island, and I felt a little terrified.  The island suddenly said "The bugs are in the dog"  The island suddenly began to kick me.  A tin man showed up and began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the island.  The tin man began to throw some bumps at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something satisfying.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with lavas everywhere.  The island suddenly stated "The fruit are in the dog"  The island suddenly began to jump over me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster slowly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The monster started melting.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

A dinosaur showed up and said "That sucks"  The dinosaur walked to a basement of a basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the island.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a red tin man with bugs on its mouth.  The tin man began to yell at me.  The basement of a basement of a island suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The teacher began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The teacher drove to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The monster began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a basement of a airport.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to smack me, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a pleasant house, and I began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  A man came out of nowhere and gave me some bumps.  The man began to crumble.  The man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a dining hall.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  The dining hall suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher carefully melting.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher started to spit out lots of pencils.  The bed suddenly ran to a church.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man absent-mindedly shaking.  The dorm suddenly drove to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red man with phones all over its mouth.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  The monster began to yell at me.  The man began to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny man with fires sticking out of its back.  The man began to throw some phones at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a island.  The man began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The island suddenly began to shake.  The man grew much larger into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me gave me some pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so massive?"  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with mice all over its mouth.  The dinosaur stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the dorm.  I saw a enormous monster with glass squares coming out of its face.  The dorm suddenly said "The phones are in the pencil"  The dinosaur whispered "Why are you so enormous?"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a airport.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely huge" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly went to a house.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

A man came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The man said "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous dog with bags all over its mouth.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a airport.  The airport suddenly said "You must look inside"  The dog began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog started to spit out lots of cats.  The dog began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something wrong.  The classroom suddenly gave me some spikes.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I began to crumble.  The beach suddenly showed me several fruit.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous scarecrow with snows all over its tongue.  The scarecrow went to a beach.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the beach.  A dinosaur showed up and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scarecrow melted into nothingness.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with fruit on its tongue.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a small scarecrow with cars all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me slowly shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some glass squares at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale tin man with metal triangles all over its legs.  The tin man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly said "That sucks"  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with bags sticking out of its face.  The scarecrow stated "That sucks"  The scarecrow gave me some cars.  I don't know why, but I went to a airport.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The scarecrow began to sing to me.  The scarecrow grew much larger into nothingness.  

I was crumbling in a towering dorm, and I stopped being afraid.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the bed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The bed suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright tin man with pens sticking out of its eyes.  The tin man whispered "The metal triangles are in the fruit"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The tin man crumbled into nothingness.  

A man appeared and drove to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the island.  The man walked to a classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a basement of a beach.  The man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  A dinosaur showed up and began to smack me.  The dinosaur began to slap me.  The beach suddenly began to yell at me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a pleasant dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green cat with photos on its feet.  The cat began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The cat began to shoot me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a church.  The statue began to smack me.  The statue began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat slowly crumbling.  The cat began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The statue began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher showed me several dogs.  The airport suddenly drove to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The insects are in the snow"  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dog began to shoot me.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog shook into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very tiny" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I whispered "I want to grow much larger"  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Why are you so tiny?"  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A monster appeared and gave me some pencils.  The monster began to smack me.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with pens everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the airport.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  A cat appeared and walked to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the dorm.  The cat began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a green scarecrow with cats all over its toes.  The scarecrow stated "Why are you so massive?"  The scarecrow began to grab me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat quickly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the airport.  The cat began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was melting in a huge bed, and I felt slightly content.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the insect" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the bed.  I saw a bright cat with mice on its back.  The cat began to throw some snows at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The bed suddenly began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pleasant dog with fires coming out of its arms.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike teacher with snows all over its feet.  The teacher began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The statue began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't happy about it.  The church suddenly shouted "Why are you so childlike?"  The statue walked to a classroom.  The statue shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a green dog with pencils coming out of its feet.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red man with ices on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with fires everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the beach.  I saw a massive statue with mice sticking out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the beach.  The beach suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny teacher with insects all over its feet.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a hideous classroom, and I felt very nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I saw a small man with bumps on its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the classroom.  The man gave me some fires.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the church.  The bed suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I saw a graceful teacher with bags all over its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a tiny airport, and I stopped being worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the airport.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the airport.  The monster began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The monster melted into thin air.  

I was crumbling in a blue airport, and I felt slightly worried.  The airport suddenly drove to a island.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the island.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with bugs on its face.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The island suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the bed.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with cars sticking out of its feet.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The scarecrow began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny statue with mice on its eyes.  The statue began to shoot me.  The statue began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous man with fruit all over its toes.  The man went to a airport.  The man began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man absent-mindedly melting.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  A dinosaur showed up and began to jump over me.  The man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster appeared and sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly shouted "The pencils are in the metal square"  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I wasn't scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the bed.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the house.  The monster started to spit out lots of dogs.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny dog with wooden triangles all over its back.  The dog began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dog began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a statue carefully shrinking in height.  The statue began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so blue?"  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me went to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a house.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog showed me several bags.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat carefully growing much larger.  The dog started crumbling.  I saw a red manager of the dining hall with logs coming out of its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the dining hall.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with photos coming out of its eyes.  The dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to crumble.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and said "Why are you so bright?"  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of cars.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The dinosaur shook into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and went to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me said "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt a little terrified.  The person who looked just like me drove to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the bed.  A statue showed up and started shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The dinosaur whispered "Why are you so hideous?"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic teacher with insects coming out of its legs.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher began to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The church suddenly went to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the church, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man drove to a island.  The tin man said "The cats are in the snow"  The tin man showed me several spikes.  A dog appeared and sprinted to a bed.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  The dog started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny tin man with phones all over its legs.  The tin man started shaking.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat graceful"  I don't know why, but I drove to a church.  The tin man whispered "The pens are in the photo"  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange basement of a dining hall on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The basement of a basement of a dining hall suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a tiny dog with insects on its tongue.  The dog began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the basement of a dining hall, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and ran to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the house.  The house suddenly gave me some pens.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the house.  I saw a red person who looked just like me with ices coming out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The person who looked just like me walked to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  A dog came out of nowhere and ran to a bed.  The dog began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt slightly angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny cat with fruit all over its face.  The cat began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat began to shrink in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The cat sprinted to a house.  The cat began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely graceful"  The cat shrunk in height into the ground.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and gave me some photos.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scarecrow began to throw some bugs at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue quickly melting.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The statue began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive statue with fires on its legs.  The statue started growing much larger.  The statue began to melt.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly shaking.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  A man showed up and began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the island.  The man began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a manager of the dorm ran to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The manager of the dorm began to throw some cars at me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  I saw a pale tin man with pencils coming out of its legs.  The manager of the dorm began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The manager of the dorm began to jump over me, but I threw some snows at it and ran away.  The manager of the dorm continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a man started shaking.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a basement of a airport.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I saw a obscure tin man with logs coming out of its legs.  The man began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

I saw a small cat with dogs on its tongue.  The cat sprinted to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I said "That sucks"  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with fires all over its legs.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a green man with glass triangles on its tongue.  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely huge" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a cat wildly crumbling.  The cat began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  A statue came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The fires are in the phone"  

A man came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The man began to shrink in height.  The man went to a basement of a house.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The cats are in the pencil"  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me sprinted to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me went to a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of mice.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge man with bugs coming out of its feet.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a tiny tin man with ices all over its tongue.  The man began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a green airport, and I wasn't scared.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the airport.  A dinosaur showed up and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur went to a island.  The island suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a beach.  The airport suddenly began to throw some wooden triangles at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a dog wildly melting.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The dog gave me some phones.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with snows sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow began to grab me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I wasn't scared.  The scarecrow began to throw some pens at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scarecrow crumbled into the ground.  

I was melting in a towering house, and I felt strangely worried.  The house suddenly began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the house.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The tin man whispered "Why are you so towering?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the house.  The tin man melted into nothingness.  

I saw a pale monster with fruit all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly started shaking.  A teacher showed up and started to spit out lots of pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the house.  The teacher began to jump over me, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous statue with pencils on its arms.  The statue began to grab me.  The statue stated "That sucks"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright tin man with mice all over its arms.  The tin man stated "The cars are in the spike"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a beach.  The island suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the basement of a classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and drove to a airport.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur gave me some metal triangles.  The scarecrow went to a basement of a house.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I was melting in a grotesque church, and I stated "That sucks"  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the church.  A director of the house came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The director of the house began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue teacher with ices coming out of its toes.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The cars are in the dog"  

A statue appeared and started melting.  The statue gave me some pens.  The statue drove to a dorm.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  The statue began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  A man showed up and began to jump over me.  The house suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the island.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow carefully melting.  The bed suddenly began to punch me.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large tin man with fruit all over its toes.  The tin man began to stand on me.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I was shrinking in height in a huge house, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the house.  A cat came out of nowhere and drove to a church.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with cats everywhere.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the airport.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scarecrow shook into thin air.  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with ices all over its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is very towering"  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was crumbling in a pleasant house, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the house.  I don't know why, but I went to a basement of a dining hall.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic house, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The house suddenly started shaking.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Why are you so futuristic?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog started crumbling.  The dog began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "This is a little pale"  The dog started melting.  A leader of the classroom came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The leader of the classroom shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the leader of the classroom saying "That sucks"  

A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of cats.  The tin man began to grab me, but I threw some pens at it and ran away.  The tin man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful tin man with fires coming out of its face.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The tin man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly showed me several phones.  I saw a grotesque dinosaur with bumps on its back.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  The tin man drove to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A monster showed up and started shrinking in height.  The monster began to punch me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The monster began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  I don't know why, but I drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and began to yell at me.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The tin man began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow quickly crumbling.  The tin man began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some spikes at me, but I screamed at it "This is a little blue"  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green cat with cats coming out of its feet.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The cat began to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the dining hall.  A leader of the dining hall appeared and ran to a airport.  The leader of the dining hall began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The leader of the dining hall began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and began to shake.  The teacher began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The teacher sprinted to a bed.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat wildly shaking.  The cat began to smack me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the dorm.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a church, but it's a very strange basement of a church with bumps everywhere.  The basement of a church suddenly showed me several phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being scared.  The dorm suddenly began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green statue with bumps on its face.  The statue began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The statue began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The statue began to throw some phones at me, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a tiny church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?"  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a airport.  The church suddenly walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike statue with mice all over its mouth.  The statue began to throw some cats at me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

A statue came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  The statue began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a graceful teacher with dogs coming out of its tongue.  The statue began to melt.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and ran to a church.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The tin man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The tin man began to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and began to grab me.  The cat began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dog slowly growing much larger.  The bed suddenly started melting.  I saw a small teacher with spikes all over its eyes.  The bed suddenly ran to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the bed.  The dog shook into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the dorm.  The man gave me some phones.  A scarecrow showed up and started to spit out lots of fires.  The man stated "The pencils are in the bag"  The man started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and started growing much larger.  The teacher began to punch me.  The teacher began to throw some phones at me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur carefully shaking.  The island suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a small scarecrow with photos sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The scarecrow showed me several spikes.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  A cat showed up and ran to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small tin man with insects all over its arms.  The tin man began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The tin man started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a man slowly shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  I saw a blue teacher with snows on its mouth.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a monster started crumbling.  The beach suddenly showed me several cars.  The monster started shaking.  I saw a pale man with metal triangles coming out of its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the beach.  The beach suddenly gave me some bags.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale person who looked just like me with dogs coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I threw some snows at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike statue with bags on its arms.  The statue whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The statue shouted "The glass triangles are in the bag"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a director of the classroom wildly crumbling.  The director of the classroom began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  A man showed up and began to shake.  The director of the classroom began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the director of the classroom saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

A dog appeared and showed me several spikes.  The dog began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The dog began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?" thinking this would help.  I saw a towering statue with pens sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the beach.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny monster with fires all over its arms.  The monster began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The monster started to spit out lots of bumps.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a towering dog with ices coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very terrified for some reason.  The dog began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and began to melt.  The dog began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dog gave me some lavas.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bags.  The beach suddenly gave me some phones.  The dog began to throw some pencils at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The beach suddenly began to punch me, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a enormous island, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the pencil" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't worried.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a leader of the church started shrinking in height.  The church suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The church suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a beach, with a dinosaur slowly growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The leader of the church began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something terrible.  The leader of the church continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a cat sprinted to a church.  The cat walked to a basement of a classroom.  The cat began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The cat began to shake.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The metal squares are in the dog"  

A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur wildly shaking.  The scarecrow gave me some fires.  The scarecrow gave me some fruit.  The dinosaur grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a teacher gave me some dogs.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something wrong.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the pencil" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the church.  The teacher began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt", and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and said "The mice are in the ice"  The cat began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The cat stated "You must look inside"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a basement of a bed.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  A leader of the bed came out of nowhere and ran to a island.  The leader of the bed began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the island.  The leader of the bed shook into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and sprinted to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly went to a classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the dining hall.  I saw a graceful tin man with insects on its feet.  The tin man began to smack me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The dining hall suddenly began to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man slowly melting.  The teacher began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I saw a futuristic cat with bumps sticking out of its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly went to a church.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

A tin man showed up and drove to a dining hall.  The tin man began to jump over me.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge tin man with dogs on its tongue.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a man carefully melting.  The tin man began to melt.  A manager of the house showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The man began to throw some pens at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a futuristic dorm, and I shouted "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny monster with ices sticking out of its face.  The monster began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The monster began to shake.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the beach, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and showed me several ices.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me shouted "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me gave me some glass squares.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to grab me.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow wildly melting.  The dorm suddenly showed me several fruit.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The classroom suddenly showed me several snows, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange house with ices everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the house.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a childlike cat with pencils on its back.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The house suddenly began to throw some lavas at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the house, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering teacher with fires all over its back.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a tiny dining hall, and I said "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the dining hall.  I saw a pleasant scarecrow with bumps on its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  The airport suddenly stated "That sucks"  The island suddenly drove to a church.  I saw a obscure cat with fires sticking out of its back.  The island suddenly started shaking.  The cat showed me several mice.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a blue monster with cars coming out of its mouth.  The monster sprinted to a house.  The monster began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the beach.  I saw a red leader of the house with phones all over its toes.  The leader of the house began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The teacher began to smack me.  The teacher began to throw some bags at me.  The scene changed to a church, with a dog slowly shrinking in height.  The teacher walked to a island.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the church, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The man walked to a dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly began to slap me.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the house.  The man began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly stated "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and showed me several mice.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

A tin man showed up and began to shake.  The tin man shouted "The photos are in the wooden square"  The tin man drove to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful statue with bugs all over its tongue.  The statue began to yell at me.  The statue began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something satisfying.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and showed me several cats.  The cat began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a island.  The cat ran to a basement of a classroom.  A scarecrow showed up and started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the basement of a classroom.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright tin man with pens sticking out of its legs.  The tin man began to punch me.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the bed.  I saw a red man with cats on its tongue.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green statue with lavas sticking out of its arms.  The man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The statue began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog slowly melting.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the island.  A person who looked just like me showed up and drove to a basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the island.  The basement of a airport suddenly started crumbling.  The island suddenly went to a dorm, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to throw some phones at me.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and started crumbling.  The statue began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The statue began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a island.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the dining hall.  I saw a massive dog with bags coming out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the island.  The dog began to throw some fruit at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with ices everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly started melting.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a airport.  The church suddenly began to throw some pencils at me.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small tin man with lavas coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The tin man started melting.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the house.  The scarecrow began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dinosaur quickly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The logs are in the metal square"  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful bed, and I heard a voice say "The photos are in the metal triangle"  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the bed.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a airport.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the airport, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started melting.  The statue shouted "Why are you so graceful?"  The statue began to grab me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the church.  I saw a green monster with spikes coming out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the church.  The statue grew much larger into nothingness.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some pencils at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with cars sticking out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is a little small"  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a church.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  I saw a huge statue with bags sticking out of its tongue.  The church suddenly began to punch me.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a pale basement of a beach, and I felt slightly relaxed.  The beach suddenly ran to a house.  The house suddenly stated "That sucks"  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me carefully shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster went to a island.  The monster whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  A manager of the island showed up and started shaking.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a hideous dining hall, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the dining hall.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  The church suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The cars are in the pen"  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with spikes sticking out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me gave me some snows.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Why are you so red?"  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny statue with ices coming out of its eyes.  The statue started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The wooden squares are in the insect"  

I was melting in a grotesque island, and I stated "Hello?"  The island suddenly shouted "Why are you so grotesque?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the island.  I saw a huge scarecrow with phones coming out of its eyes.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and stated "The bags are in the glass triangle"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  The monster began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I was growing much larger in a pale church, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I shouted "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the airport.  The church suddenly walked to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry thinking this would help.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large cat with snows all over its legs.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat showed me several glass squares.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I whispered "That sucks"  The cat went to a airport.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The cat began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the island.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the wooden square" for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the car" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dinosaur slowly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red scarecrow with fruit all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I said "This is extremely graceful"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the dorm.  A tin man came out of nowhere and sprinted to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the house.  The man began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a green dorm, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the dorm.  I saw a childlike man with metal triangles coming out of its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  The dinosaur showed me several cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The dinosaur started melting, and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The tin man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The tin man started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "The phones are in the car"  The island suddenly began to shake.  The tin man began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The cars are in the cat"  

A dog appeared and said "The fires are in the cat"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dog began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I went to a classroom.  The dog walked to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue man with metal squares all over its legs.  The man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The man started to spit out lots of fruit.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly went to a church.  A statue appeared and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The island suddenly stated "The spikes are in the lava"  The statue shook into the ground.  

A monster showed up and began to grow much larger.  The monster began to shoot me.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The monster crumbled into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a hideous airport, and I wasn't afraid.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a basement of a house.  The house suddenly walked to a island.  I saw a small tin man with spikes sticking out of its back.  The house suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a childlike beach, and I felt very anxious.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and began to punch me.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and showed me several ices.  The person who looked just like me drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and showed me several dogs.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog drove to a dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  The dog began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the basement of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue scarecrow with insects on its face.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so blue?"  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with insects sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me showed me several ices.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering monster with pens coming out of its tongue.  The monster sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly stated "The phones are in the car"  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to shake.  The dinosaur began to throw some snows at me, but I screamed at it "This is very green"  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the church.  A monster appeared and said "The cars are in the car"  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The scarecrow showed me several lavas.  The scarecrow grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a hideous man with bags all over its face.  The man gave me some spikes.  The man began to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't scared.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat small"  I saw a pale leader of the dorm with logs all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the leader of the dorm saying "You must look inside"  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with logs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the island.  I saw a futuristic statue with pencils coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The island suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster carefully growing much larger.  The monster began to throw some photos at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a hideous cat with ices sticking out of its tongue.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The monster started to spit out lots of cars.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale teacher with wooden squares coming out of its mouth.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The teacher ran to a island.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the bed.  The bed suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a grotesque teacher with metal triangles coming out of its face.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher said "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a island, with a statue wildly melting.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with ices sticking out of its back.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me shouted "The phones are in the pencil"  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a scarecrow quickly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the basement of a bed.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with bags all over its tongue.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shake.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The beach suddenly went to a basement of a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red monster with mice all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some ices at me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The monster began to kick me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the bed, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of pens.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I saw a bright dog with snows sticking out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a basement of a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow walked to a dining hall.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher quickly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The teacher crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a pleasant statue with insects on its tongue.  The statue showed me several mice.  The statue ran to a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with ices everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly said "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and started growing much larger.  The tin man began to sing to me.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I saw a small dog with fruit sticking out of its arms.  The dog ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to crumble.  The dorm suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The dog showed me several lavas.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher appeared and began to sing to me.  The teacher began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The teacher began to throw some bags at me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The teacher shook into nothingness.  

I saw a enormous scarecrow with dogs all over its face.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the beach.  The beach suddenly went to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so bright?"  

A man appeared and ran to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the house.  The house suddenly shouted "Why are you so enormous?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a bright statue with phones on its back.  The statue began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly shouted "Why are you so red?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a man sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the bed.  The man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the church.  I saw a graceful dog with pens sticking out of its arms.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the church.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright dog with glass triangles on its tongue.  The dog began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dog started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The island suddenly drove to a house.  The house suddenly went to a basement of a beach.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was melting in a green basement of a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the insect" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I saw a red dog with snows coming out of its arms.  The dog began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and whispered "The metal squares are in the bump"  The cat began to shrink in height.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A dog showed up and showed me several mice.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to melt.  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue wildly growing much larger.  The dog began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  A cat came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  The dog ran to a dining hall.  The statue walked to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The fruit are in the glass square"  

A dinosaur appeared and started to spit out lots of bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the basement of a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a airport.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with fires everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the insect" thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a large basement of a classroom, and I heard a voice say "The phones are in the phone"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the classroom.  I saw a huge director of the classroom with cats on its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the classroom.  The director of the classroom began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  The director of the classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and walked to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the church.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the church.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with snows on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur quickly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  A statue came out of nowhere and started melting.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into the ground.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dog began to slap me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the dorm.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue dinosaur with logs sticking out of its feet.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt slightly relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I saw a hideous manager of the dorm with bugs coming out of its mouth.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  The manager of the dorm shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a small monster with cars sticking out of its mouth.  The monster began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The monster started to spit out lots of fruit.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow shook into thin air.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and shouted "The pens are in the pencil"  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely pleasant"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher began to melt.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  The teacher began to crumble.  A scarecrow appeared and started to spit out lots of snows.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  The teacher began to punch me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with phones everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the dining hall.  A dog showed up and began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a red statue with bumps all over its feet.  The statue began to throw some phones at me.  The statue started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly showed me several snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the bed.  The statue started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a childlike dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?"  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being happy about it.  The dorm suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green statue with snows sticking out of its legs.  The statue gave me some mice.  The statue whispered "The cats are in the fire"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the classroom.  A dinosaur showed up and started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue absent-mindedly crumbling.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The monster stated "You must look inside"  The statue melted into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange basement of a dining hall with pencils everywhere.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly walked to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the metal square" thinking this would help.  A dog appeared and started shrinking in height.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The dog started melting, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a enormous dining hall, and I whispered "I want to grow much larger"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to punch me.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher absent-mindedly crumbling.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The teacher started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue statue with mice coming out of its face.  The statue began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the pen" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the island.  A tin man appeared and started growing much larger.  The tin man began to grab me.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a green monster with bags sticking out of its back.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something terrible.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The tin man started to spit out lots of pencils.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something wrong.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue teacher with snows on its back.  The teacher began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a bed.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red statue with lavas coming out of its legs.  The statue began to punch me.  The statue began to crumble.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a dinosaur wildly crumbling.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  A leader of the basement of a dorm came out of nowhere and stated "Why are you so red?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" thinking this would help.  The leader of the basement of a dorm began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with insects on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had done something helpful thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?"  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  A director of the dorm appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The director of the dorm began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat large"  The director of the dorm began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and went to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the airport.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a beach.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I saw a green tin man with bags coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly whispered "Why are you so enormous?"  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with fires everywhere.  The church suddenly gave me some glass squares.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the church.  A dog came out of nowhere and showed me several ices.  The dog began to jump over me.  The dog began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike cat with ices all over its feet.  The cat started shaking.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat began to throw some cars at me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and began to crumble.  The statue started crumbling.  The statue began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I shouted "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the dorm.  I saw a graceful tin man with pencils sticking out of its feet.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a enormous bed, and I began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly began to smack me.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a massive statue with bags sticking out of its back.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The statue started melting, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the dorm.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a beach.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the bed.  A scarecrow showed up and walked to a dorm.  The bed suddenly went to a classroom.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful cat with photos coming out of its mouth.  The cat began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The cat began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue slowly shaking.  The statue began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher appeared and walked to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry for some reason.  The dorm suddenly began to smack me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of pens.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat began to crumble.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny dog with fruit all over its face.  The dog began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The dog began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant house, and I whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the house.  The house suddenly showed me several bags.  A dog showed up and sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The dog began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so enormous?"  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the beach.  The monster began to stand on me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a red basement of a beach, and I whispered "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the beach.  The basement of a beach suddenly started melting.  I saw a blue dinosaur with wooden squares on its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the basement of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The man started melting.  The man began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the island.  The man melted into nothingness.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with cats on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dinosaur ran to a basement of a church.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the basement of a church.  A statue appeared and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the basement of a church.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the island.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and started growing much larger.  The cat began to take a photo of me.  The cat began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher carefully melting.  The teacher said "That sucks"  I saw a hideous monster with fires on its tongue.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  The cat began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The cat melted into the ground.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with mice everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the house.  The house suddenly gave me some fruit.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to crumble.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The statue began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something great.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  The statue ran to a classroom.  I saw a green man with wooden triangles on its arms.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large dog with spikes coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The dog began to shake.  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a cat wildly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the bed.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and showed me several bags.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man absent-mindedly crumbling.  The tin man drove to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny man with logs coming out of its face.  The man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is very pale"  The man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I wasn't afraid.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly started melting.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow ran to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a bed.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to slap me, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a hideous airport, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a childlike dog with bumps all over its feet.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some wooden triangles at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue teacher with photos all over its tongue.  The teacher sprinted to a church.  The teacher began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to yell at me.  The church suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of cars.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog quickly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the church.  The church suddenly began to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a cat said "The fires are in the lava"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" for some reason.  I saw a enormous monster with mice all over its mouth.  The monster started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a house.  The tin man began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous cat with wooden triangles sticking out of its feet.  The cat began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat sprinted to a dining hall.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a bed.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a classroom.  I saw a large teacher with mice on its tongue.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the classroom.  The bed suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The teacher started crumbling.  The teacher grew much larger into the ground.  

A monster came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The monster went to a bed.  The monster said "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shake.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The dog sprinted to a beach.  The bed suddenly drove to a basement of a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering cat with photos coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the church.  The teacher began to throw some snows at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  A dog came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The dog crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with phones coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to sing to me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly drove to a church.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and showed me several bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The statue began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and started shaking.  The man began to smack me.  The man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "The cats are in the dog"  The man began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  The teacher began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The teacher began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The teacher began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with insects coming out of its arms.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur showed me several snows.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt a little nervous.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the church.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with photos on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The statue ran to a bed.  The statue crumbled into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a towering airport, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly showed me several ices.  A tin man showed up and began to sing to me.  The airport suddenly said "Why are you so towering?"  The airport suddenly stated "The logs are in the pen"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The cats are in the bump"  

I saw a small man with fruit on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The man gave me some cats.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?"  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The man began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The man shook into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with cars everywhere.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the airport.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to throw some fruit at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a blue dorm, and I felt strangely worried.  The dorm suddenly drove to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the airport.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur wildly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the airport.  The dinosaur showed me several insects.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a futuristic house, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the house.  The house suddenly began to shake.  A monster appeared and started to spit out lots of pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the house.  The monster began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a massive church, and I whispered "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The church suddenly drove to a beach.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and gave me some spikes.  The statue began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow carefully shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the dorm.  I saw a tiny man with mice sticking out of its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the dorm.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and started crumbling.  The dog began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some photos at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt strangely angry.  The island suddenly began to kick me.  The island suddenly began to throw some cars at me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red man with metal squares coming out of its arms.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure basement of a beach, and I stopped being afraid.  The basement of a beach suddenly began to crumble.  The bed suddenly showed me several bumps.  I saw a green scarecrow with ices coming out of its back.  The beach suddenly gave me some fruit.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the beach.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant cat with snows coming out of its toes.  The cat began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The cat began to crumble.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dorm.  The cat began to punch me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the house.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The monster began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with insects sticking out of its feet.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man carefully melting.  The tin man drove to a dorm.  A scarecrow showed up and showed me several dogs.  The scarecrow began to throw some metal squares at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the airport.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and showed me several bumps.  The cat began to shrink in height.  The cat began to jump over me.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a bed.  The cat began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The cat began to grab me.  The cat melted into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the dorm.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque cat with mice sticking out of its eyes.  The cat began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The cat began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't concerned.  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  A teacher came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with bags on its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful monster with fires on its eyes.  The monster began to grab me.  The monster shouted "The fruit are in the metal square"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The monster began to throw some logs at me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The monster began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to shake.  The island suddenly showed me several snows.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I saw a enormous teacher with pencils all over its feet.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of pens.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The snows are in the fire"  

A scarecrow appeared and ran to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The scarecrow grew much larger into thin air.  

A dog showed up and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  The dog started shaking.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the bed.  The dog began to yell at me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure teacher with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The teacher whispered "That sucks"  The teacher sprinted to a airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I saw a tiny dog with glass triangles coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little hideous" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to throw some wooden squares at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The dog shook into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with dogs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the beach.  I don't know why, but I drove to a church.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  The beach suddenly said "The logs are in the spike", and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The cat started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stated "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the airport.  The cat started melting.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and shouted "The fruit are in the phone"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me slowly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me gave me some lavas.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and said "The pencils are in the bug"  The teacher began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the basement of a dorm.  A tin man appeared and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the basement of a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a leader of the airport gave me some mice.  The leader of the airport began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The airport suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and walked to a church.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  The airport suddenly began to grab me.  The leader of the airport continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the airport.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The statue sprinted to a bed.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The statue crumbled into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I threw some logs at it and ran away.  A man showed up and started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a obscure church, and I heard a voice say "The cars are in the fire"  The church suddenly showed me several bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the fruit" thinking this would help.  A manager of the church came out of nowhere and whispered "The dogs are in the car"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church.  The manager of the church started shaking.  The manager of the church shook into thin air.  

I saw a bright monster with pens all over its back.  The monster started melting.  The monster began to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a huge dinosaur with fires all over its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the dining hall.  The house suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur crumbled into nothingness.  

A tin man appeared and went to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a classroom.  The tin man began to stand on me.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and sprinted to a dining hall.  The man showed me several pens.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely large", and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny dog with cats coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the snow" for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat slowly shaking.  The cat began to melt.  A dog showed up and shouted "Why are you so graceful?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the classroom.  The dog began to punch me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with glass triangles everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the church.  A monster showed up and began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  The monster started growing much larger.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a man started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the beach.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I saw a red tin man with dogs coming out of its legs.  The beach suddenly began to kick me.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering statue with phones sticking out of its tongue.  The statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The statue walked to a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I whispered "This is somewhat enormous"  The statue stated "You must look inside"  The statue began to jump over me.  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

A statue came out of nowhere and showed me several phones.  The statue began to grab me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue statue with wooden squares on its face.  The statue drove to a dining hall.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I saw a small teacher with bugs coming out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to melt.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the classroom.  I saw a green dog with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The classroom suddenly stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to sing to me, and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher went to a bed.  The teacher began to punch me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt a little anxious.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the airport.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a bright beach, and I wasn't concerned.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the beach.  The beach suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely green" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I said "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the island.  A teacher came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to kick me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a pale bed, and I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the spike"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and began to shake.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The teacher started to spit out lots of phones.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  The airport suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

My family and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange house with logs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I saw a pale man with dogs all over its arms.  The man started to spit out lots of photos.  The man started to spit out lots of snows.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque cat with phones on its tongue.  The cat shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The cat began to throw some fruit at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  A man came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and began to melt.  The monster ran to a basement of a beach.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the basement of a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with snows everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dorm.  The house suddenly began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the house, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a green basement of a church, and I heard a voice say "The photos are in the mouse"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the basement of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the church.  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with metal squares all over its face.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bags at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the basement of a church.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and said "The cats are in the pen"  The man started shrinking in height.  The man started crumbling.  The scene changed to a island, with a dog absent-mindedly shaking.  The man drove to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the basement of a house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure monster with insects all over its tongue.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Why are you so obscure?"  The monster began to throw some ices at me.  The monster shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a green teacher with bags on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The teacher ran to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a island, with a monster wildly growing much larger.  The teacher gave me some cats.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The bugs are in the pen"  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a tin man said "You must look inside"  The tin man started melting.  The tin man began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a green classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly began to kick me.  The house suddenly began to shoot me.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright statue with ices sticking out of its tongue.  The statue started to spit out lots of lavas.  The statue began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The statue said "Hey man, it happens"  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The classroom suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so massive?"  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a manager of the island gave me some ices.  The manager of the island whispered "You must look inside"  The manager of the island shouted "The logs are in the snow"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the island.  The manager of the island began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and began to sing to me.  The tin man drove to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly showed me several logs.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the dining hall.  I saw a red dog with snows all over its mouth.  The dorm suddenly showed me several cars.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a pale church, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  A dog came out of nowhere and stated "Why are you so pale?"  The dog shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the church.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The insects are in the pencil"  

I saw a towering man with dogs all over its eyes.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?"  The man started shrinking in height.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue statue with lavas sticking out of its back.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and began to sing to me.  The dog started shaking.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  The dog started to spit out lots of pens.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a bed.  The church suddenly began to slap me.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  I saw a red monster with metal triangles sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" thinking this would help.  The monster began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with cats everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several glass squares.  I don't know why, but I walked to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the bed.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a obscure classroom, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the classroom.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Why are you so blue?"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a statue began to melt.  The statue drove to a beach.  The statue began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  A cat came out of nowhere and shouted "The cats are in the phone"  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and started shrinking in height.  The dog began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dog whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The dog sprinted to a dining hall.  The dog shook into the ground.  

A cat showed up and drove to a dining hall.  The cat started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the dining hall.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the bed.  A statue showed up and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The statue started melting.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The cars are in the pencil"  

I was shaking in a green dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the bump"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a graceful tin man with spikes sticking out of its face.  The tin man shouted "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and gave me some pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The statue began to kick me, but I threw some glass triangles at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with bags sticking out of its face.  The dinosaur shouted "The pens are in the dog"  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a house, with a dog wildly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the house.  I saw a obscure scarecrow with spikes sticking out of its feet.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man began to take a photo of me.  The tin man said "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly showed me several spikes.  I saw a huge director of the classroom with photos on its tongue.  The tin man began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the classroom.  The director of the classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a teacher started shaking.  The teacher showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  The teacher started to spit out lots of lavas.  The teacher sprinted to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

A dog appeared and showed me several insects.  The dog began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the basement of a basement of a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a church.  The church suddenly said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I saw a massive dog with ices all over its tongue.  The dog began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a statue shouted "You must look inside"  The statue showed me several bumps.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a house, with a cat absent-mindedly shaking.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The statue began to crumble.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a huge beach, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the beach.  I don't know why, but I ran to a basement of a dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a man whispered "The fires are in the insect"  The airport suddenly started shaking.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with mice all over its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and started crumbling.  The cat started to spit out lots of bugs.  The cat ran to a airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I felt a little anxious.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is very futuristic"  I saw a grotesque man with pens all over its arms.  The cat started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with fruit everywhere.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me slowly shaking.  The person who looked just like me said "The mice are in the log"  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and began to melt.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a church, with a dog quickly shaking.  The basement of a basement of a church suddenly went to a bed.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the bed.  A dog appeared and shouted "Why are you so huge?"  The dog began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to grab me.  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The island suddenly began to jump over me.  I saw a pale scarecrow with wooden squares all over its back.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to throw some spikes at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a dog began to shrink in height.  The dog started crumbling.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a house.  I saw a childlike cat with bags all over its eyes.  The cat began to punch me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the house.  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the classroom.  The teacher started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The teacher walked to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the island.  The island suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow slowly growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to throw some mice at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the church.  The scarecrow went to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the basement of a island.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a director of the basement of a island carefully growing much larger.  The director of the basement of a island began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur showed me several insects.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I was shrinking in height in a tiny dorm, and I heard a voice say "The mice are in the snow"  The dorm suddenly started melting.  The dorm suddenly stated "That sucks"  A cat showed up and started to spit out lots of photos.  The cat began to throw some pencils at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a manager of the beach began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the beach.  A dog came out of nowhere and drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  The airport suddenly showed me several bugs.  The dog began to throw some phones at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to grab me.  A teacher showed up and began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and started shrinking in height.  The monster started shaking.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The monster began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I saw a massive statue with bugs all over its eyes.  The monster began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The statue shouted "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a tiny church, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The church suddenly began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a blue basement of a house, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the basement of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I saw a childlike dinosaur with logs coming out of its toes.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur stated "The spikes are in the ice"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and started shaking.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to slap me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a island.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a obscure cat with glass squares on its tongue.  The cat began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The cat began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a airport.  The cat began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is a little childlike"  A tin man came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  The basement of a airport suddenly began to smack me.  The airport suddenly started melting.  The cat began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a cat began to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The basement of a island suddenly began to shake.  The cat gave me some fires.  The cat melted into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful man with spikes all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The man drove to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and drove to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The island suddenly gave me some cars.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the island, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a red church, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the church.  The church suddenly started melting.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The church suddenly started shaking.  The statue began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with insects everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The house suddenly started melting.  I don't know why, but I went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the house, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man began to crumble.  The tin man showed me several bumps.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the beach.  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  The church suddenly showed me several mice.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the airport.  A manager of the airport came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The manager of the airport gave me some fruit.  The manager of the airport sprinted to a dorm.  The manager of the airport continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  A statue came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The statue said "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  I saw a hideous manager of the airport with dogs sticking out of its eyes.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The manager of the airport gave me some bugs.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The cat began to sing to me.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat pale"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and went to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The airport suddenly gave me some snows.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The cats are in the dog"  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with spikes everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the island.  I saw a obscure cat with snows all over its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the island.  The cat started to spit out lots of logs.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny cat with ices sticking out of its face.  The cat drove to a classroom.  The cat began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The classroom suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The cat shouted "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly drove to a house.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  A manager of the house appeared and stated "The cars are in the fire"  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and drove to a basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the basement of a island.  The person who looked just like me melted into nothingness.  

A statue showed up and started growing much larger.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The statue began to punch me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the dorm.  A dog showed up and gave me some bags.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and walked to a island.  The man began to take a photo of me.  The man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a bed.  The bed suddenly showed me several lavas.  A statue showed up and whispered "The bumps are in the metal triangle"  The man sprinted to a beach.  The bed suddenly stated "The dogs are in the pencil"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with fruit sticking out of its back.  The tin man whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stated "This is extremely childlike"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a hideous church, and I began to shake.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to throw some metal squares at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the church.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a dining hall when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me shouted "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the basement of a dining hall.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man carefully shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the basement of a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with pens all over its mouth.  The scarecrow whispered "Why are you so grotesque?"  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The house suddenly went to a basement of a bed.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a towering dorm, and I said "I want to shake"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the dorm.  I saw a blue dinosaur with snows sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dinosaur started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher began to yell at me.  The teacher began to throw some insects at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the classroom.  A dog showed up and drove to a dorm.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with phones everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly gave me some snows.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and gave me some lavas.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the house.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The church suddenly started shaking.  I saw a bright cat with insects on its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur appeared and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The dinosaur whispered "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher wildly shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur gave me some insects.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with dogs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the church.  The church suddenly went to a basement of a classroom.  I saw a huge man with glass squares coming out of its arms.  The man began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The man walked to a beach.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A statue showed up and walked to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the dining hall.  The statue began to sing to me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man wildly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a massive classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the house.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the house, and I smiled.  

I saw a red teacher with bugs coming out of its arms.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The teacher began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I saw a childlike tin man with metal triangles all over its face.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The teacher started to spit out lots of bags.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and showed me several lavas.  The man stated "You must look inside"  The man began to take a photo of me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher quickly shaking.  The teacher began to crumble.  The man began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The man crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a blue monster with ices on its mouth.  The monster began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dog wildly melting.  The house suddenly began to stand on me.  I saw a hideous statue with wooden triangles on its tongue.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large person who looked just like me with pencils all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a manager of the dining hall started shrinking in height.  The manager of the dining hall went to a beach.  The manager of the dining hall began to throw some mice at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I saw a grotesque statue with lavas on its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the beach.  The manager of the dining hall started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shrinking in height in a towering island, and I felt strangely anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The island suddenly began to shoot me.  A director of the island appeared and said "You must look inside"  The director of the island walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the island.  The director of the island crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a large monster with snows on its tongue.  The monster started shaking.  The monster began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?"  The dining hall suddenly stated "The cats are in the mouse"  I saw a grotesque statue with cars on its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the dining hall.  The statue began to punch me.  The statue shook into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't happy about it.  The house suddenly began to throw some pencils at me.  The dinosaur began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and started melting.  The man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly shouted "The spikes are in the lava"  The man stated "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of pens.  The tin man ran to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the spike" for some reason.  The tin man began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to melt.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a beach, with a man quickly crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  The beach suddenly went to a church.  The dinosaur crumbled into the ground.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a island, and I stopped being happy about it.  The church suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the island.  A manager of the island came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The island suddenly began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of photos.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher drove to a airport.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue wildly melting.  The statue began to throw some fires at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I saw a blue scarecrow with insects coming out of its tongue.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the airport.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale dinosaur with bugs coming out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright teacher with bumps coming out of its feet.  The teacher went to a classroom.  The teacher began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the classroom.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The teacher grew much larger into nothingness.  

I was melting in a hideous house, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The house suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The house suddenly started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic monster with glass triangles sticking out of its tongue.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The monster stated "The photos are in the spike"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to shake.  The church suddenly shouted "The cars are in the insect"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue tin man with pens coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly showed me several photos.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the classroom.  A cat appeared and showed me several insects.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the classroom.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started melting.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The statue started growing much larger.  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the house.  I saw a huge cat with bags coming out of its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the house.  The cat started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and stated "That sucks"  The scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a blue statue with lavas on its eyes.  The statue began to grab me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a bed, with a person who looked just like me wildly crumbling.  The statue started growing much larger.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I saw a large scarecrow with bumps sticking out of its back.  The scarecrow began to kick me.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a grotesque dining hall, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a childlike dog with phones coming out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the dining hall.  The dog began to smack me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and drove to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The statue started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I said "Hello?"  The beach suddenly began to stand on me.  The statue stated "Hey man, it happens"  The statue shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with mice coming out of its legs.  The dinosaur whispered "The insects are in the ice"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I went to a dining hall.  The dinosaur began to throw some photos at me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  A statue came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I was growing much larger in a large house, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stated "This is somewhat grotesque"  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and ran to a classroom.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The teacher sprinted to a house.  The scene changed to a island, with a dog wildly shrinking in height.  The dog said "The insects are in the fruit"  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  The teacher melted into nothingness.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a teacher gave me some cars.  The house suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The house suddenly showed me several cats.  I saw a childlike man with logs all over its legs.  The teacher whispered "The pencils are in the pen"  The man started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the house, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and started shaking.  The tin man began to throw some pens at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a beach.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the mouse" for some reason.  I saw a towering monster with pens coming out of its arms.  The monster began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a cat stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried for some reason.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  A manager of the house came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of glass squares.  The manager of the house began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The manager of the house gave me some logs.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic tin man with fruit on its eyes.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The tin man began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a director of the dorm absent-mindedly crumbling.  The tin man sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the dorm.  The director of the dorm continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher showed me several pencils.  The teacher walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a obscure airport, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The airport suddenly gave me some lavas.  A monster appeared and ran to a dorm.  The monster started shaking.  The monster began to shoot me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of mice.  The monster started shaking.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I felt strangely relaxed.  The house suddenly went to a dining hall.  I saw a massive director of the house with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The director of the house began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The monster began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is very childlike"  The director of the house began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I threw some bugs at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat slowly shrinking in height.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of ices.  A teacher showed up and stated "Why are you so towering?"  The teacher began to crumble.  The church suddenly showed me several cars.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher appeared and gave me some glass triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The teacher walked to a basement of a house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being scared.  The basement of a house suddenly sprinted to a basement of a airport.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with phones coming out of its back.  The person who looked just like me shouted "The mice are in the car"  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat slowly melting.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to throw some insects at me.  The teacher said "The mice are in the fire"  The teacher sprinted to a church.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a classroom.  The church suddenly walked to a airport.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  The teacher drove to a bed, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the beach.  A statue came out of nowhere and ran to a island.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The statue began to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The scarecrow began to throw some lavas at me.  The scarecrow drove to a airport.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I was melting in a obscure dorm, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt a little angry.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the pencil" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a small cat with bugs sticking out of its legs.  The cat gave me some fires.  The cat began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scene changed to a beach, with a monster slowly shaking.  The monster ran to a basement of a basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The cat crumbled into nothingness.  

I was crumbling in a childlike dorm, and I felt very anxious.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the bed.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  The teacher drove to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I shouted "What's going on?"  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The church suddenly showed me several fruit, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and went to a bed.  The bed suddenly shouted "The spikes are in the car"  The bed suddenly drove to a house.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the dining hall.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a statue began to melt.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  The statue began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The statue began to throw some logs at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was crumbling in a graceful classroom, and I wasn't worried.  The classroom suddenly began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the classroom.  I saw a massive teacher with mice all over its back.  The classroom suddenly showed me several spikes.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher began to throw some cars at me, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a pleasant basement of a island, and I began to crumble.  The island suddenly said "The pens are in the log"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the basement of a island.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The teacher whispered "You must look inside"  The island suddenly began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with logs all over its back.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The monster began to melt, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque classroom, and I felt very like I had accomplished something terrible.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The classroom suddenly began to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly went to a church.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster appeared and showed me several bumps.  The monster started crumbling.  The monster gave me some bugs.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and said "The dogs are in the pen"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous for some reason.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so enormous?"  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with fruit coming out of its toes.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a director of the dining hall slowly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the director of the dining hall saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure beach, and I shouted "I want to melt"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the beach.  I saw a pale man with wooden squares on its toes.  The man gave me some bugs.  The beach suddenly began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The snows are in the ice"  

I saw a large teacher with pens sticking out of its arms.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The teacher shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with metal triangles everywhere.  The dorm suddenly walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly stated "The ices are in the fruit"  A tin man appeared and began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to shake.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and began to crumble.  The teacher began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The teacher showed me several pens.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a statue absent-mindedly shaking.  The statue began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  A cat showed up and began to grow much larger.  The cat began to melt.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to slap me.  The cat grew much larger into nothingness.  

A statue appeared and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The statue shouted "That sucks"  The statue began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the dorm.  The man began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the dorm.  The man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried, and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dog started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque tin man with phones on its arms.  The tin man began to sing to me.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  The bed suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I saw a huge dinosaur with pens all over its feet.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  The bed suddenly began to throw some bugs at me.  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

A dog showed up and whispered "The insects are in the snow"  The dog started to spit out lots of bugs.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow wildly melting.  The dog began to jump over me.  I saw a obscure monster with cars coming out of its legs.  The dog began to yell at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a obscure basement of a basement of a dorm, and I said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the dorm.  A director of the basement of a basement of a dorm came out of nowhere and ran to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the basement of a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the director of the basement of a basement of a dorm saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with bags everywhere.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly walked to a beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the beach.  The basement of a island suddenly said "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The cat melted into thin air.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with fruit coming out of its back.  The person who looked just like me walked to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the beach.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur quickly growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  A director of the beach came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a classroom.  The dinosaur began to melt.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of bags.  The last thing I remember is the director of the beach saying "That sucks"  

I was melting in a bright basement of a beach, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the snow" thinking this would help.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and gave me some fruit.  The basement of a beach suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A statue showed up and began to melt.  The statue began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The statue started shaking.  A scarecrow appeared and began to throw some pencils at me.  The scarecrow went to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with logs all over its mouth.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of cats.  The scarecrow said "Why are you so grotesque?"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several fires.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to melt.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a dinosaur carefully crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and started to spit out lots of ices.  The statue started to spit out lots of bumps.  The statue whispered "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to grow much larger.  The statue began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I saw a pleasant monster with mice coming out of its face.  The statue started growing much larger.  The monster began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The cat began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a dog stated "The mice are in the wooden triangle"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dog began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man slowly shaking.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the house.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

A dog showed up and started crumbling.  The dog began to slap me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The cat started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher carefully shrinking in height.  The cat began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dog began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and started crumbling.  The scarecrow drove to a church.  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't afraid.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  A statue showed up and stated "The spikes are in the metal triangle"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the church.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster showed me several snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The monster began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  A dinosaur appeared and began to shake.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  The dorm suddenly gave me some bumps.  The dorm suddenly drove to a airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a large monster with phones coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the dog" thinking this would help.  The monster began to shake.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man slowly melting.  The airport suddenly began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a graceful tin man with pens coming out of its tongue.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt very like I had accomplished something terrible.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  A man showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man started shaking.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a futuristic church, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the church.  The church suddenly stated "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the airport.  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and drove to a basement of a bed.  The man began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the bed.  A teacher appeared and began to kick me.  The teacher began to throw some cars at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the bed.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with cats on its feet.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  I saw a massive statue with bugs coming out of its back.  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The statue began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The lavas are in the dog"  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a futuristic tin man with dogs on its eyes.  The tin man showed me several pencils.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

I was melting in a bright classroom, and I stated "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a house.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the house.  The classroom suddenly whispered "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The scarecrow stated "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I saw a futuristic tin man with cars sticking out of its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the airport.  The scarecrow shook into the ground.  

A scarecrow showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the bag" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man slowly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright monster with cars sticking out of its tongue.  The monster began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The monster started crumbling.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to kick me.  A man came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the beach.  The man melted into thin air.  

A teacher appeared and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the church.  The tin man stated "The glass squares are in the spike"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a man quickly crumbling.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a graceful basement of a bed, and I shouted "I want to shake"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a obscure dog with ices sticking out of its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the basement of a bed.  The dog stated "The pens are in the insect"  The dog said "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

I saw a pale monster with cars all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  The monster began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful monster with lavas all over its tongue.  The monster began to grab me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being happy about it.  The monster began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  A dinosaur showed up and walked to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The classroom suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The monster melted into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a statue whispered "You must look inside"  The statue started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the bed.  A dog came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The dog ran to a airport.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a dorm.  The dog melted into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with wooden squares everywhere.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly began to stand on me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a tin man quickly shrinking in height.  The tin man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The tin man began to sing to me.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a statue drove to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the airport.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the beach.  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with phones on its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a cat began to shake.  The cat began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly walked to a basement of a church.  The scene changed to a beach, with a tin man absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The cat went to a island.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was melting in a graceful basement of a church, and I whispered "This is somewhat towering"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly went to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  The church suddenly gave me some phones.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue statue with mice all over its tongue.  The statue began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat quickly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The statue began to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was growing much larger in a hideous house, and I heard a voice say "The wooden squares are in the spike"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The house suddenly went to a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a huge church, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so huge?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow ran to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the church.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being worried.  The scarecrow whispered "You must look inside"  The scarecrow started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous man with bugs all over its mouth.  The man began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so enormous?"  

A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat started to spit out lots of lavas.  The cat began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the house.  A monster appeared and said "That sucks"  The cat shouted "The cars are in the ice"  The house suddenly ran to a basement of a island.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with bags everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The house suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the basement of a house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with pens on its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat red"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I stopped being happy about it.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a bright dinosaur with lavas all over its toes.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large scarecrow with mice sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow drove to a dining hall.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of insects.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bugs.  I jolted awake.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The dog started crumbling.  The dog began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being scared.  The island suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I saw a pale statue with metal squares sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the island.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small tin man with spikes sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man gave me some logs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I whispered "Hello?"  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the island.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with pencils on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is somewhat green" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the island.  I saw a bright monster with bags all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The monster began to crumble.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a classroom.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "The glass triangles are in the pencil"  The dining hall suddenly went to a house.  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with mice on its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something helpful.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me.  The house suddenly began to slap me, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified for some reason.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and gave me some bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur said "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow appeared and began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the dining hall.  I saw a small cat with logs on its arms.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with ices everywhere.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the airport.  I saw a grotesque dinosaur with wooden squares on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur shook into thin air.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to throw some mice at me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The pencils are in the insect"  

A monster appeared and drove to a airport.  The monster began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  A dinosaur showed up and started shaking.  The beach suddenly shouted "The fires are in the bag"  The beach suddenly stated "The pens are in the log"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike tin man with bugs all over its mouth.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The tin man went to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shake.  The tin man started to spit out lots of bumps.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with logs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a beach, with a man absent-mindedly crumbling.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The mice are in the insect"  

A scarecrow showed up and began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a tin man wildly shrinking in height.  The tin man began to kick me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The tin man gave me some phones, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat graceful"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow wildly shaking.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly ran to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the classroom.  The tin man showed me several cars.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The classroom suddenly whispered "The logs are in the glass triangle", and I smiled.  

I saw a massive teacher with pens on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The teacher began to kick me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous monster with logs coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a airport when all of a sudden a cat drove to a dining hall.  The cat began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red cat with fruit on its tongue.  The cat started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had accomplished something terrible thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the classroom.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The classroom suddenly began to kick me.  The monster drove to a dining hall.  The cat shook into thin air.  

A statue showed up and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a man started crumbling.  The man started shaking.  The man drove to a beach.  A leader of the house appeared and began to shrink in height.  The leader of the house began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the beach.  The leader of the house grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a man showed me several dogs.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stated "That sucks"  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and whispered "The photos are in the phone"  The dog gave me some pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a airport.  A teacher appeared and ran to a island.  The teacher began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is a little small"  The island suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue wildly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the beach.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of bumps.  The tin man began to shake.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the island.  I saw a graceful monster with pens sticking out of its eyes.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with cars all over its toes.  The person who looked just like me gave me some bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a green dinosaur with dogs all over its arms.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a hideous monster with fires sticking out of its arms.  The monster began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The monster crumbled into nothingness.  

A teacher appeared and walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a teacher started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The teacher showed me several pens.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The beach suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stated "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The beach suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The airport suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

I saw a large teacher with glass squares all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The teacher shouted "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The bugs are in the cat"  

My friends and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange basement of a classroom with fruit everywhere.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I saw a green manager of the classroom with fires coming out of its toes.  The manager of the classroom began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The manager of the classroom grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a green man with dogs coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The man gave me some logs.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a statue began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the classroom.  A cat appeared and ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the classroom.  The cat began to throw some bugs at me.  The statue grew much larger into the ground.  

A man came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The man began to smack me.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a cat wildly shrinking in height.  The man began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with insects coming out of its toes.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  The man shouted "Why are you so huge?"  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with logs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the house.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster slowly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the house.  The monster began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some insects at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  A man showed up and began to stand on me.  The island suddenly began to throw some photos at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so green?"  

I saw a massive dog with fires coming out of its mouth.  The dog began to throw some dogs at me.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous dog with insects all over its arms.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dog started crumbling.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the bed.  A teacher appeared and began to grow much larger.  The dog began to throw some mice at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with bags everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with pens everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The dorm suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The dorm suddenly went to a house.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with mice everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  A man appeared and went to a house.  The man stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the dining hall.  The man melted into nothingness.  

A cat showed up and shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very massive" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with cars on its feet.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and gave me some pencils.  The man began to throw some dogs at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  The man showed me several fruit, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and drove to a classroom.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and gave me some cars.  The tin man began to throw some insects at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The tin man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a island.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The tin man started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a obscure basement of a classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I don't know why, but I went to a island.  The island suddenly started shaking.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and began to crumble.  The dog began to sing to me.  The dog drove to a beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so futuristic?"  The dog whispered "The logs are in the ice"  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and ran to a classroom.  The bed suddenly went to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and drove to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the dorm.  The dog went to a church.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat quickly shrinking in height.  The cat showed me several wooden triangles.  A dog showed up and went to a basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  The airport suddenly gave me some spikes.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The ices are in the lava"  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  I saw a enormous teacher with pens coming out of its arms.  The teacher drove to a basement of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had accomplished something great thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a church.  The island suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful monster with wooden triangles sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The monster began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I wasn't worried.  The monster began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the classroom.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a man began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the airport.  The man began to grab me.  I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with dogs on its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly went to a island, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a tiny dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The phones are in the car"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the dining hall.  I saw a childlike dinosaur with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several bugs.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The monster began to throw some cars at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The monster began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to throw some snows at me.  The cat began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the beach.  I saw a pale man with bugs sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the beach.  The man began to throw some cats at me, but I tried to get it to punch me, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and said "The fires are in the bump"  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to melt.  The person who looked just like me showed me several insects.  The beach suddenly began to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with fires coming out of its toes.  The dinosaur gave me some spikes.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster carefully shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The monster said "Why are you so obscure?"  The dinosaur crumbled into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  The house suddenly went to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the bed.  The scene changed to a airport, with a director of the basement of a house quickly shrinking in height.  The director of the basement of a house whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  The last thing I remember is the director of the basement of a house saying "Why are you so huge?"  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with pens coming out of its face.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to throw some glass triangles at me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  A tin man came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The tin man gave me some insects.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a monster said "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the airport.  The monster began to take a photo of me.  A dog appeared and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a blue cat with bugs sticking out of its arms.  The cat gave me some cars.  The cat began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I don't know why, but I drove to a island.  The cat began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque island, and I stopped being scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the pen" thinking this would help.  I saw a enormous leader of the island with bumps sticking out of its eyes.  The leader of the island started to spit out lots of fruit.  The island suddenly showed me several glass triangles.  The leader of the island crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a massive teacher with dogs all over its feet.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The cat began to stand on me.  I saw a hideous dog with ices coming out of its tongue.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The cat shrunk in height into thin air.  

A dog showed up and started shaking.  The dog began to throw some bugs at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The fruit are in the metal square"  

A monster appeared and showed me several metal squares.  The monster began to stand on me, but I threw some spikes at it and ran away.  The monster gave me some logs.  The monster shook into nothingness.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with mice coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is very towering" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me melted into the ground.  

I was crumbling in a huge airport, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?" thinking this would help.  A scarecrow showed up and sprinted to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the church.  The church suddenly showed me several pens.  The scarecrow started melting, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful dog with wooden squares coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dog showed me several snows.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a island.  The dog walked to a beach.  I saw a grotesque scarecrow with dogs coming out of its tongue.  The dog began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the beach.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant monster with mice all over its eyes.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The monster said "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me whispered "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I saw a large director of the dining hall with cars on its mouth.  The director of the dining hall began to shake.  The dining hall suddenly began to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue man with metal triangles sticking out of its eyes.  The man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering teacher with logs all over its legs.  The teacher ran to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The teacher drove to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge teacher with metal triangles coming out of its mouth.  The teacher began to jump over me.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I felt slightly angry.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the basement of a dining hall.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale statue with metal triangles coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The statue began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I walked to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the island.  I saw a grotesque dog with spikes sticking out of its toes.  The dog began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little large" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with logs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The bed suddenly stated "That sucks"  The scene changed to a island, with a statue absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

A dinosaur showed up and shouted "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur went to a house.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a director of the basement of a dorm slowly crumbling.  The director of the basement of a dorm began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the director of the basement of a dorm saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a monster started crumbling.  The bed suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the dorm.  The monster began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The spikes are in the ice"  

My family and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange basement of a bed on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  A statue came out of nowhere and went to a classroom.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with lavas everywhere.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  The classroom suddenly began to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a island.  The classroom suddenly ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the basement of a dining hall, and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and sprinted to a bed.  The tin man walked to a dining hall.  The tin man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The tin man shook into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a bright dorm, and I wasn't scared.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  The dorm suddenly shouted "That sucks"  A teacher appeared and began to punch me.  The teacher began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The teacher showed me several cats.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so bright?"  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a cat began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the classroom.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I saw a small man with lavas coming out of its mouth.  The man began to kick me, but I threw some bumps at it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale statue with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The statue began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat blue"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to melt.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some bugs at me.  I saw a bright leader of the island with logs sticking out of its arms.  The leader of the island began to punch me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The leader of the island began to throw some bags at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a pleasant man with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to melt.  The man started to spit out lots of bugs.  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the bed.  I saw a bright person who looked just like me with cars on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure dog with cats on its arms.  The dog sprinted to a basement of a beach.  The dog gave me some logs.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The cat started to spit out lots of cars.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur wildly growing much larger.  The cat began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "This is very graceful"  I saw a hideous dog with dogs on its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the island.  The island suddenly showed me several pencils.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge cat with bumps on its tongue.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat began to kick me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher carefully crumbling.  The teacher began to throw some insects at me.  I saw a bright monster with snows on its face.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The cat shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to shake, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic teacher with pens on its tongue.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The teacher walked to a house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I shouted "What's going on?"  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a island.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scarecrow drove to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue statue with dogs sticking out of its tongue.  The statue began to grab me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large dog with glass squares coming out of its tongue.  The dog began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The dog grew much larger into thin air.  

A cat appeared and walked to a airport.  The cat began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The cat began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with fruit on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The tin man started to spit out lots of phones.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly ran to a basement of a house.  A monster showed up and began to kick me.  The basement of a house suddenly drove to a bed.  The basement of a house suddenly gave me some pencils.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with pencils everywhere.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the island.  A person who looked just like me showed up and started shaking.  The person who looked just like me stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a red statue with mice coming out of its tongue.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The statue whispered "The lavas are in the phone"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a beach.  The basement of a basement of a beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher quickly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The metal triangles are in the mouse" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and walked to a beach.  The dog started melting.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a leader of the island wildly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the dorm.  The dog said "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and ran to a island.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with mice all over its back.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the island, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a red basement of a bed, and I whispered "That sucks"  The bed suddenly walked to a church.  The bed suddenly showed me several logs.  I saw a grotesque tin man with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is a little towering"  The tin man started to spit out lots of bugs.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale dinosaur with dogs coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a cat began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the dorm.  The cat drove to a house.  I saw a green dog with bugs coming out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the dorm.  The dog began to slap me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright dog with pens on its feet.  The dog started to spit out lots of fires.  The dog started growing much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a classroom.  The dog showed me several spikes.  I saw a massive monster with ices coming out of its back.  The monster started crumbling.  The dog shouted "Why are you so massive?"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog came out of nowhere and whispered "The logs are in the glass square"  The dog began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I saw a red dog with ices on its toes.  The dog started to spit out lots of lavas.  The dog began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a towering beach, and I shouted "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the snow" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a tin man wildly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The tin man whispered "Why are you so towering?"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny tin man with logs coming out of its tongue.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The tin man began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  I saw a grotesque cat with cats sticking out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly whispered "The pens are in the dog"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow stated "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow showed me several insects.  The scarecrow began to throw some pens at me.  A director of the island came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a futuristic island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a small bed, and I whispered "This is very futuristic"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  A dog came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the bed.  The dog started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with photos everywhere.  The classroom suddenly went to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the classroom.  A statue appeared and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The man gave me some wooden triangles.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  The man began to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so green?"  

I saw a massive dinosaur with fruit sticking out of its feet.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a island.  The dinosaur said "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a blue monster with photos sticking out of its tongue.  The basement of a island suddenly sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly began to melt.  The dinosaur melted into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow showed me several bumps.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me drove to a basement of a classroom.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I was melting in a massive classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  A statue appeared and sprinted to a bed.  The statue showed me several mice.  The statue began to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The phones are in the pen"  

A man came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a leader of the airport slowly crumbling.  The leader of the airport began to throw some pens at me.  The man walked to a bed.  The leader of the airport continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with phones everywhere.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  A tin man appeared and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the bed.  The tin man gave me some wooden squares.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering monster with spikes all over its eyes.  The monster began to throw some phones at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being worried.  The monster went to a beach.  A cat appeared and sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  The monster started to spit out lots of dogs.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dorm.  The basement of a house suddenly began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a man slowly shrinking in height.  The basement of a house suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the classroom.  The man began to throw some wooden squares at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I saw a huge dog with insects coming out of its toes.  The dog shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to shake.  The dog went to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a obscure statue with wooden squares sticking out of its eyes.  The statue began to sing to me.  The statue began to slap me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly whispered "The pens are in the fire"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man ran to a island.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't afraid.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  A dog showed up and started melting.  The airport suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The dog began to throw some glass triangles at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The lavas are in the snow"  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dorm.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  A manager of the bed showed up and showed me several bumps.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The manager of the bed drove to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a red church, and I began to melt.  The church suddenly started shaking.  The church suddenly stated "Why are you so red?"  The scene changed to a bed, with a statue slowly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the bed.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a red classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stated "I want to shake"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the dorm.  The classroom suddenly began to throw some dogs at me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The dog began to throw some insects at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  A teacher came out of nowhere and gave me some bags.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with pencils all over its tongue.  The dinosaur began to throw some fires at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man whispered "That sucks"  The man began to throw some spikes at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the dining hall.  The man sprinted to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and sprinted to a basement of a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the basement of a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a huge church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the church.  The church suddenly shouted "Why are you so grotesque?"  A person who looked just like me appeared and walked to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several glass triangles, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a tin man began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a green dog with glass squares on its face.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dog began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with pencils on its face.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue slowly growing much larger.  The airport suddenly said "That sucks"  I saw a graceful leader of the airport with cats sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the snow" thinking this would help.  The statue began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with logs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the church.  A man appeared and drove to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The man began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  The man crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a childlike dog with glass squares coming out of its face.  The dog said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The dog began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The dog began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The dog began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a hideous dining hall, and I felt very content.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I wasn't worried.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and walked to a island.  The cat went to a church.  The island suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the church, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with bumps everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  A dinosaur appeared and ran to a dorm.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I threw some bugs at it and ran away.  The dinosaur crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with metal triangles on its eyes.  The dinosaur started melting.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The pens are in the lava"  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  The airport suddenly began to throw some pens at me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and walked to a island.  The island suddenly began to sing to me.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being concerned.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I saw a blue monster with bags coming out of its arms.  The beach suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so blue?"  

I was shrinking in height in a small basement of a airport, and I began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the bed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the airport.  The airport suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a tiny island, and I shouted "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the island.  A cat appeared and stated "Why are you so enormous?"  The island suddenly stated "The dogs are in the fire"  The island suddenly gave me some bugs.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur showed up and started shaking.  The dinosaur showed me several snows.  The dinosaur began to slap me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a dog began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the island.  The dog sprinted to a classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I said "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the classroom.  The island suddenly started melting.  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a teacher said "You must look inside"  The teacher began to punch me.  The teacher showed me several insects.  I saw a large manager of the dining hall with ices coming out of its tongue.  The manager of the dining hall began to kick me.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the dining hall saying "That sucks"  

I was melting in a red island, and I stopped being happy about it.  The island suddenly gave me some bugs.  The island suddenly showed me several lavas.  I saw a grotesque scarecrow with pens sticking out of its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the island.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The island suddenly began to slap me, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with cars everywhere.  The church suddenly went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the church.  The scene changed to a beach, with a man slowly shrinking in height.  The man walked to a dorm.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the dining hall.  I saw a bright man with pencils coming out of its legs.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dining hall suddenly began to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with pencils on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I don't know why, but I ran to a beach.  The person who looked just like me said "The fires are in the pencil"  The beach suddenly began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with fruit coming out of its face.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge statue with dogs all over its face.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly stated "Why are you so huge?"  The island suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike monster with metal triangles sticking out of its tongue.  The monster began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something satisfying.  The monster shouted "That sucks"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a church.  The monster began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the church.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The monster shook into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque tin man with fruit all over its tongue.  The tin man began to grab me.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a island.  The tin man started melting.  The tin man started to spit out lots of cats.  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a statue went to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of metal squares.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stated "What's going on?"  The statue began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a massive dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the house.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to crumble.  The scarecrow showed me several pencils.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  The scarecrow crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a huge teacher with phones sticking out of its legs.  The teacher said "The pens are in the fire"  The teacher sprinted to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt very like I had accomplished something satisfying.  The teacher began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I saw a large man with photos on its toes.  The man went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque cat with logs coming out of its back.  The cat began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The cat whispered "You must look inside"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a beach.  The cat started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious for some reason.  The cat began to melt, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a statue walked to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" for some reason.  The statue ran to a classroom.  I saw a red scarecrow with snows coming out of its face.  The statue began to jump over me.  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a large man with dogs all over its legs.  The man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The man began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me slowly melting.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  A director of the church appeared and began to kick me.  The director of the church began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a statue went to a beach.  The statue began to sing to me.  The statue began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The statue stated "The logs are in the fruit"  The statue began to throw some ices at me.  The statue grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a monster began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the house.  The house suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the airport.  The cat began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I felt a little worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I saw a futuristic dog with bags coming out of its tongue.  The dog began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The cat whispered "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a hideous statue with fruit coming out of its toes.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the dining hall.  The statue began to shrink in height.  The statue shrunk in height into thin air.  

A man appeared and stated "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The man began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a obscure church, and I wasn't concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a grotesque dinosaur with pencils sticking out of its legs.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The insects are in the pencil"  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The dog began to throw some phones at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I whispered "This is a little massive"  The dog began to smack me.  The dog walked to a dorm.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large teacher with lavas sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the classroom.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The man began to shake.  The man began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the dorm.  The man started to spit out lots of bumps.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with bags everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt slightly nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "This is very bright"  The person who looked just like me gave me some bumps.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was growing much larger in a small church, and I stopped being worried.  The church suddenly sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a director of the dining hall began to shrink in height.  The director of the dining hall walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  The scene changed to a church, with a man absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The statue began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  I saw a bright dinosaur with dogs on its arms.  The dinosaur ran to a basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the basement of a airport.  The dinosaur began to kick me, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and started melting.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dinosaur whispered "The bumps are in the bag"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a tin man wildly growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I saw a massive leader of the classroom with dogs on its legs.  The leader of the classroom started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

I saw a futuristic man with phones coming out of its back.  The man began to smack me.  The man began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue carefully crumbling.  The church suddenly drove to a house.  The house suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright monster with metal squares on its tongue.  The monster began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  The monster began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  The person who looked just like me whispered "The fruit are in the pen"  The beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue began to melt.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The statue ran to a dorm.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and began to kick me.  The dog whispered "The fruit are in the bag"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little blue" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a pleasant classroom, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The classroom suddenly gave me some ices, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I saw a massive tin man with spikes coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The tin man began to throw some snows at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so massive?"  

A dog showed up and began to shrink in height.  The dog began to grab me.  The dog started melting.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the basement of a dining hall.  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering dog with metal triangles all over its legs.  The dog began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly like I had done something helpful for some reason.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with cars everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly drove to a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange basement of a dorm on top of a island.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the dorm.  I saw a childlike dinosaur with cars sticking out of its eyes.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with bugs all over its toes.  The teacher began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher began to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The teacher began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I threw some photos at it and ran away.  The teacher began to throw some logs at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The teacher sprinted to a beach, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and gave me some cats.  The cat began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The cat began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a large beach, and I said "What's going on?"  The beach suddenly gave me some ices.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the beach.  A manager of the beach showed up and sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the beach.  The manager of the beach began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The manager of the beach continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a graceful church, and I whispered "I want to shake"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The church suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to melt.  The bed suddenly began to grab me.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I shouted "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A teacher showed up and said "The metal squares are in the insect"  The teacher started to spit out lots of bags.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat quickly crumbling.  The cat gave me some mice.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the dining hall.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

I saw a futuristic cat with fires coming out of its eyes.  The cat began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The cat started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

I was shrinking in height in a small dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the wooden square"  The dining hall suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a leader of the classroom absent-mindedly melting.  The leader of the classroom began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The leader of the classroom started to spit out lots of bumps.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with metal triangles everywhere.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a man carefully growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the beach.  The man began to throw some snows at me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely graceful"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive man with metal triangles sticking out of its back.  The man began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  A statue showed up and began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very green" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue tin man with ices on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is somewhat obscure" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the dining hall.  A statue appeared and whispered "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly began to throw some pens at me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I stopped being scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the photo" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive cat with fires coming out of its back.  The cat showed me several ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a teacher started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the church.  The teacher began to crumble.  A statue appeared and started to spit out lots of pencils.  The church suddenly said "That sucks"  The teacher began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a childlike island, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very terrified for some reason.  A tin man appeared and started shaking.  The tin man began to throw some fires at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and shouted "That sucks"  The dinosaur sprinted to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with bags all over its back.  The dinosaur whispered "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue began to melt.  The statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to punch me.  I saw a huge dog with cats all over its eyes.  The dog showed me several bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

A monster came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I saw a pleasant teacher with spikes all over its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several pens.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a childlike dorm, and I stopped being worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly drove to a church.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The church suddenly walked to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and started crumbling.  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a leader of the basement of a classroom wildly shaking.  The basement of a classroom suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  The leader of the basement of a classroom crumbled into the ground.  

A tin man appeared and began to stand on me.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  The tin man shouted "Why are you so pale?"  A monster showed up and started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to throw some pencils at me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pleasant statue with bugs on its back.  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The statue sprinted to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The cat began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and gave me some mice.  The man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man stated "The ices are in the mouse"  I don't know why, but I ran to a airport.  The man began to crumble.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the airport, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a towering island, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the island.  The island suddenly began to sing to me.  I saw a massive statue with photos coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The statue showed me several bags.  The statue shrunk in height into thin air.  

A dog showed up and started to spit out lots of bags.  The dog began to yell at me.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some insects at me.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a dinosaur quickly crumbling.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The dog gave me some cars, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and walked to a house.  The house suddenly began to slap me.  The man started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The man showed me several phones.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had accomplished something great for some reason.  The house suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with glass triangles everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the beach.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  A monster appeared and started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the beach.  The beach suddenly gave me some phones.  The monster shook into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a basement of a bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the basement of a bed.  A teacher showed up and went to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a church.  The church suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The church suddenly began to melt.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat slowly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the airport.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a hideous beach, and I stated "Hello?"  The beach suddenly started shaking.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The beach suddenly stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a graceful beach, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being worried.  The beach suddenly showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a cat started growing much larger.  The cat began to melt.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I saw a green teacher with logs on its arms.  The teacher started melting.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  The teacher shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur drove to a basement of a beach.  The dinosaur went to a house.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog started to spit out lots of lavas.  The dog started melting.  The dog began to shrink in height.  I saw a red scarecrow with insects coming out of its face.  The dorm suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to stand on me.  The dog started to spit out lots of phones, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with cars everywhere.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher carefully crumbling.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The teacher walked to a bed.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful teacher with pens on its eyes.  The teacher began to shake.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I threw some bags at it and ran away.  The teacher shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I was melting in a pleasant classroom, and I heard a voice say "The photos are in the bag"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the classroom.  A manager of the classroom appeared and began to smack me.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Why are you so pleasant?"  The manager of the classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with mice everywhere.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat quickly melting.  The dorm suddenly showed me several bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and showed me several pens.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The basement of a church suddenly started shaking.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering cat with fruit sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a enormous classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly walked to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the bag" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the church.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the beach.  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with dogs all over its tongue.  The bed suddenly walked to a basement of a basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and stated "The spikes are in the bug"  The dinosaur began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur showed me several ices, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a red dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  A man appeared and began to shrink in height.  The man began to throw some dogs at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The man began to melt.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The man began to throw some mice at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to shoot me.  The dinosaur showed me several bugs.  The dinosaur gave me some cars.  The dinosaur grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a man began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the airport.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  A director of the airport showed up and whispered "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher drove to a dining hall.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the dining hall.  The teacher began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher slowly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous teacher with spikes sticking out of its eyes.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some pens at me.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The island suddenly gave me some cats.  The island suddenly drove to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue dog with dogs sticking out of its legs.  The dog started melting.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some bugs.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a classroom.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher quickly melting.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  I saw a pleasant monster with metal triangles coming out of its face.  The classroom suddenly went to a island.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster appeared and began to smack me.  The monster began to throw some insects at me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The monster ran to a basement of a island.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the dorm.  The monster stated "That sucks"  The monster grew much larger into nothingness.  

A tin man appeared and began to stand on me.  The tin man whispered "The snows are in the snow"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The statue began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The statue began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I saw a obscure man with bumps all over its back.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

A cat showed up and sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the dining hall.  The cat began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the dining hall.  I saw a green monster with metal squares all over its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the dining hall.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a childlike house, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the house.  I saw a pleasant statue with spikes sticking out of its eyes.  The house suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly showed me several pens, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to sing to me.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur slowly growing much larger.  The dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a small cat with fires all over its back.  The scarecrow began to throw some ices at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several mice.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a huge dorm, and I felt very content.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  A cat came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The dorm suddenly stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a cat began to take a photo of me.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the airport.  A man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to shoot me.  The cat shook into thin air.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with insects sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The dinosaur stated "Why are you so pleasant?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I saw a bright teacher with pens coming out of its mouth.  The basement of a airport suddenly went to a dorm.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red monster with mice all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a red airport, and I wasn't concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the airport.  The airport suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  A tin man appeared and began to smack me.  The airport suddenly said "The fires are in the bag"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the airport.  The tin man shook into nothingness.  

A dog appeared and began to crumble.  The tin man started to spit out lots of phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The cat gave me some fires.  The cat started to spit out lots of snows.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous teacher with bugs coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The teacher began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  I don't know why, but I walked to a basement of a dorm.  The teacher sprinted to a dining hall.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a director of the beach went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I saw a red scarecrow with insects on its legs.  The house suddenly began to grab me.  The beach suddenly gave me some wooden squares.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and began to shrink in height.  The man began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The man started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with metal squares everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with fruit sticking out of its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The bumps are in the bag"  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque church, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly crumbling.  The classroom suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  The classroom suddenly began to throw some pencils at me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The cats are in the log"  

I was crumbling in a red island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the dining hall.  I saw a green monster with phones on its feet.  The monster started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the island.  The monster began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt", and I smiled.  

I was melting in a obscure dorm, and I stopped being scared.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  The dorm suddenly began to slap me.  I saw a grotesque dinosaur with photos all over its feet.  The dinosaur shouted "The lavas are in the bag"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and began to shoot me.  The statue ran to a house.  The statue began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a leader of the airport drove to a island.  The leader of the airport began to throw some pencils at me.  The leader of the airport began to crumble.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog quickly growing much larger.  The leader of the airport began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dog gave me some fires.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the airport saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shrinking in height in a tiny classroom, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the classroom.  A monster showed up and ran to a dining hall.  The monster began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The monster began to grow much larger.  The monster began to crumble, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to crumble.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a tin man carefully shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the basement of a house.  I saw a huge manager of the basement of a house with wooden triangles all over its legs.  The manager of the basement of a house drove to a island.  The manager of the basement of a house began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The photos are in the mouse"  

A statue appeared and stated "You must look inside"  The statue began to sing to me.  The statue began to throw some mice at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I shouted "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the bed.  The statue began to take a photo of me.  The bed suddenly walked to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure tin man with snows on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and showed me several lavas.  The teacher began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher stated "Why are you so hideous?"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the dining hall.  The teacher began to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a scarecrow walked to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I saw a graceful dog with pens coming out of its arms.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the beach.  The dog grew much larger into thin air.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a island.  The island suddenly gave me some lavas.  The island suddenly walked to a basement of a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The island suddenly shouted "The bumps are in the photo"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The scarecrow ran to a house.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat slowly shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to take a photo of me.  A statue showed up and began to yell at me.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bumps.  The house suddenly began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the house, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to throw some insects at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dog began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I felt slightly nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the house.  The dog started melting.  The dog shook into nothingness.  

A tin man showed up and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The tin man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with metal squares everywhere.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  The beach suddenly went to a dorm.  I saw a massive statue with dogs all over its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the dorm.  The statue crumbled into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with fires everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly walked to a beach.  I saw a green person who looked just like me with phones on its toes.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me shook into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a blue basement of a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a futuristic manager of the dorm with cars all over its arms.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the dorm saying "You must look inside"  

A monster appeared and began to punch me.  The monster began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The dog drove to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A dinosaur appeared and gave me some snows.  The dinosaur began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque tin man with logs on its back.  The tin man drove to a airport.  The tin man started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The tin man started shrinking in height.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale cat with dogs on its face.  The cat began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  The cat began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the house, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a director of the airport walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the house.  The director of the airport started growing much larger.  A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with bags on its arms.  The dinosaur stated "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to throw some phones at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I began to crumble.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The basement of a classroom suddenly showed me several lavas.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a graceful dorm, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the dorm.  A statue appeared and began to shake.  The statue showed me several insects.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the dorm.  The statue crumbled into the ground.  

A cat came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The cat showed me several fruit.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several cats.  The cat began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with dogs coming out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and shouted "The fires are in the spike"  The man began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The man started shaking.  I saw a blue monster with photos sticking out of its eyes.  The monster began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a tiny dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "Why are you so tiny?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I whispered "This is somewhat green"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the spike" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a large dining hall, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the dining hall.  A leader of the dining hall showed up and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The leader of the dining hall began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The leader of the dining hall sprinted to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the dining hall saying "Why are you so large?"  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a church.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to melt.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly shouted "The logs are in the insect"  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a obscure airport, and I wasn't afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the airport.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a green airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  The airport suddenly began to sing to me.  The scene changed to a island, with a cat wildly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the airport.  The airport suddenly walked to a basement of a church.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the house.  I saw a green cat with metal squares coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The cat began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and showed me several ices.  The tin man began to grab me.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The tin man stated "The lavas are in the mouse"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "The cats are in the phone"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  A scarecrow appeared and stated "Why are you so massive?"  The tin man began to stand on me.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bugs, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a scarecrow stated "That sucks"  The house suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the house.  I don't know why, but I went to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange basement of a classroom with spikes everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly ran to a dorm.  The house suddenly walked to a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with dogs on its legs.  The tin man started to spit out lots of ices.  The tin man drove to a dorm.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dorm suddenly went to a beach.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher started crumbling.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  The teacher began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I saw a blue scarecrow with mice on its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly said "Why are you so grotesque?"  The teacher crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a tiny cat with phones all over its toes.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  The cat began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the church.  The cat crumbled into the ground.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being scared.  The airport suddenly went to a classroom.  A director of the classroom appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The director of the classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and ran to a dorm.  The man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat tiny"  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  I saw a pale statue with bumps sticking out of its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church.  The church suddenly started melting.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to throw some mice at me, but I threw some glass squares at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The dog began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

A statue showed up and gave me some fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The statue ran to a island.  The statue grew much larger into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a monster said "The fires are in the phone"  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The monster began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a tin man slowly shaking.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The airport suddenly went to a bed.  The church suddenly began to throw some phones at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge teacher with dogs sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with fires everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the island.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a cat carefully shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had done something helpful thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small monster with bugs on its tongue.  The monster showed me several cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very futuristic" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I stated "Who are you?"  The monster started to spit out lots of pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the basement of a dorm.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a large classroom, and I heard a voice say "The cats are in the dog"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I saw a massive leader of the classroom with bags all over its tongue.  The leader of the classroom began to throw some insects at me.  The leader of the classroom gave me some lavas.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the classroom saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with lavas everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the airport.  I saw a graceful man with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to melt.  The airport suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large monster with wooden triangles all over its face.  The monster began to shake.  The monster started to spit out lots of lavas.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I whispered "This is somewhat futuristic"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the beach.  I saw a graceful man with spikes all over its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the beach.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so enormous?"  

A statue came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was melting in a tiny dining hall, and I stated "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly walked to a dorm.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  A man appeared and whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the dining hall.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Why are you so grotesque?"  The man grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a basement of a house when all of a sudden a scarecrow whispered "The cars are in the phone"  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scarecrow showed me several wooden squares.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  The scarecrow began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the church.  The airport suddenly walked to a classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The scarecrow started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and began to grow much larger.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The cat began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a man ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the house.  The man shouted "That sucks"  A cat showed up and drove to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The cat shrunk in height into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with insects everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the house.  The house suddenly walked to a beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly ran to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a basement of a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something satisfying.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me carefully growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous statue with dogs on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The statue began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a futuristic monster with cats sticking out of its legs.  The monster began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  The monster began to crumble.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The monster began to sing to me.  I saw a blue tin man with fires sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the phone" for some reason.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with phones everywhere.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The bed suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  A dinosaur showed up and began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the bed.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow walked to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to throw some ices at me.  A tin man came out of nowhere and gave me some cats.  The tin man began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the phone" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow melted into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur showed me several logs.  The dinosaur gave me some spikes.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  A dog came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the bed.  The dog began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The church suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man quickly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the house.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I saw a towering dinosaur with cars on its mouth.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of snows.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The tin man showed me several spikes.  I saw a grotesque dinosaur with bags all over its mouth.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I threw some photos at it and ran away.  The tin man gave me some pens.  The tin man melted into thin air.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The teacher started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The classroom suddenly began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic scarecrow with phones all over its feet.  The scarecrow said "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a large dog with snows on its toes.  The dog began to sing to me, but I threw some fires at it and ran away.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stated "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  A cat appeared and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the dining hall.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the beach.  A director of the beach appeared and went to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the airport.  The airport suddenly gave me some mice.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green cat with snows all over its arms.  The cat started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a massive dining hall, and I began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Why are you so massive?"  I saw a large scarecrow with fruit coming out of its back.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some dogs.  The scarecrow started melting.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque statue with dogs coming out of its legs.  The statue began to yell at me.  The statue drove to a church.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with spikes everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the beach.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow carefully shaking.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the beach.  The scarecrow melted into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with fruit everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the church.  The church suddenly walked to a airport.  I saw a towering dinosaur with cars coming out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the airport.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur sprinted to a island.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something satisfying.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the island.  I saw a grotesque leader of the church with bugs sticking out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the island.  The leader of the church began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and gave me some fruit.  The teacher began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The teacher began to stand on me, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant dog with photos on its back.  The dog began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dog drove to a basement of a island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The island suddenly ran to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue man with insects sticking out of its toes.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly shaking.  The basement of a house suddenly began to kick me.  The man began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the house, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with ices everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the dining hall.  A person who looked just like me appeared and stated "The photos are in the insect"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me walked to a classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a small statue with ices sticking out of its eyes.  The statue began to grab me.  The statue gave me some fruit.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a island, and I felt very terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The statue began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the bed.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and ran to a classroom.  The statue began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The monster started to spit out lots of spikes.  The monster began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the classroom.  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a tin man sprinted to a bed.  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  I saw a hideous dinosaur with mice on its arms.  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  The beach suddenly ran to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with ices sticking out of its legs.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely blue"  The dinosaur crumbled into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a huge beach, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the beach.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a teacher quickly melting.  The beach suddenly drove to a basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the classroom.  The teacher melted into nothingness.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to sing to me.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher carefully shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the dorm.  The teacher began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a monster started to spit out lots of cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The monster began to punch me.  I saw a hideous scarecrow with spikes all over its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge man with cars coming out of its legs.  The man started growing much larger.  The man began to punch me, but I threw some bags at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and started melting.  The statue began to smack me, but I threw some fires at it and ran away.  The statue began to slap me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The statue began to punch me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The statue began to throw some insects at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with bags everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  A dog appeared and began to shake.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dog shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a massive monster with pencils coming out of its tongue.  The monster started melting.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a airport, and I stated "I want to shrink in height"  The monster started growing much larger.  The monster began to stand on me.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a statue began to yell at me.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I saw a pleasant cat with phones sticking out of its eyes.  The statue ran to a island.  The island suddenly went to a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge scarecrow with snows sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  A tin man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The bed suddenly showed me several dogs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the bed.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a tiny dorm, and I heard a voice say "The pens are in the cat"  The dorm suddenly said "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  A director of the dorm showed up and shouted "The glass triangles are in the pencil"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the director of the dorm saying "The pencils are in the metal triangle"  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a statue sprinted to a house.  The statue began to melt.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something helpful.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog quickly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the island.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a monster began to sing to me.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The monster began to crumble.  A cat came out of nowhere and went to a island.  The monster started growing much larger.  The island suddenly started shaking.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a man started melting.  The man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The beach suddenly gave me some insects.  A cat showed up and began to shake.  The man began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the beach.  The man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly showed me several fires.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the dorm.  The scene changed to a house, with a man carefully crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the house.  The dog began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge cat with spikes sticking out of its face.  The cat ran to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried for some reason.  I saw a large dog with dogs on its toes.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the classroom.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and started growing much larger.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The teacher sprinted to a bed.  The scene changed to a island, with a cat slowly melting.  The island suddenly began to throw some logs at me.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic scarecrow with bumps on its tongue.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The dorm suddenly drove to a basement of a basement of a classroom.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and gave me some mice.  The tin man began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The tin man ran to a bed.  The tin man began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with cars everywhere.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the house.  A tin man came out of nowhere and walked to a basement of a island.  The island suddenly began to yell at me.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a green tin man with cars coming out of its back.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The tin man began to slap me.  The tin man melted into nothingness.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a tin man began to jump over me.  The tin man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the airport.  I saw a massive monster with cars on its face.  The monster began to melt.  The monster started to spit out lots of dogs.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with mice all over its legs.  The scarecrow stated "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a teacher slowly growing much larger.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The basement of a church suddenly stated "Why are you so pale?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque statue with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The statue began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with insects everywhere.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and showed me several spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified thinking this would help.  The dog began to throw some cats at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dog started crumbling.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the basement of a house.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic monster with fruit all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow quickly growing much larger.  The monster started to spit out lots of pens.  A man appeared and began to melt.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shake.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something wrong.  I saw a grotesque dog with pencils all over its tongue.  The dorm suddenly gave me some cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a cat began to kick me.  The bed suddenly began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the classroom.  A statue came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  The bed suddenly gave me some phones.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is somewhat huge" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly began to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  The house suddenly showed me several pencils.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and began to jump over me.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The tin man began to grab me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The tin man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a bright dog with bumps on its feet.  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster showed up and started crumbling.  The monster started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is somewhat green" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Why are you so green?"  The monster began to shake.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a massive tin man with bugs coming out of its feet.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The tin man shouted "The dogs are in the glass triangle"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The tin man began to punch me.  A cat came out of nowhere and gave me some snows.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the beach.  The tin man gave me some fruit.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the beach, and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to sing to me.  The teacher grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a childlike teacher with glass squares on its face.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The teacher began to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the classroom.  A tin man showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  The teacher began to melt.  The teacher started to spit out lots of lavas.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a massive house, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?"  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the house.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The monster showed me several phones.  The monster began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful man with spikes on its back.  The man drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large teacher with phones coming out of its toes.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a manager of the house started shrinking in height.  The house suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The manager of the house began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I saw a pleasant dog with bumps on its arms.  The dog began to crumble.  The dog began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and gave me some metal squares.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man began to throw some mice at me, but I screamed at it "This is a little enormous"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being afraid.  The man began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  A scarecrow appeared and stated "The dogs are in the fire"  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The man started to spit out lots of cats.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a man began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The man began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a bed.  The man began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  The man gave me some pens.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic dog with fruit coming out of its arms.  The dog began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so futuristic?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the beach.  A teacher appeared and started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  The beach suddenly stated "That sucks"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and gave me some cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The tin man shouted "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a childlike dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the dorm.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher wildly crumbling.  The teacher started to spit out lots of insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a graceful classroom, and I whispered "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the classroom.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and went to a dining hall.  The dorm suddenly drove to a basement of a island.  The classroom suddenly said "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with cars coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the classroom.  A monster came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little obscure" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow started to spit out lots of bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the church.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I saw a bright teacher with phones coming out of its back.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is very enormous"  The scarecrow began to throw some metal squares at me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  The church suddenly began to crumble, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow appeared and started shaking.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "This is very enormous"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the dining hall.  A teacher came out of nowhere and drove to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The cars are in the snow"  

I saw a graceful teacher with metal squares all over its tongue.  The teacher showed me several cars.  The teacher began to sing to me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is somewhat towering" for some reason.  A dog showed up and started to spit out lots of insects.  The dog began to stand on me.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was melting in a towering dorm, and I felt strangely nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stated "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with ices all over its eyes.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man wildly growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The man began to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

I was crumbling in a pale basement of a airport, and I stopped being afraid.  The basement of a airport suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the airport.  I saw a massive scarecrow with lavas on its back.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I was shrinking in height in a tiny bed, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the bed.  I saw a futuristic dinosaur with wooden triangles coming out of its feet.  The dinosaur said "Why are you so massive?"  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale monster with cars all over its mouth.  The monster whispered "That sucks"  The monster began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly began to sing to me.  A man came out of nowhere and said "The phones are in the phone"  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The monster stated "The spikes are in the bag", and I smiled.  

I saw a red teacher with cars coming out of its legs.  The teacher ran to a island.  The island suddenly showed me several fires.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

A tin man showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The tin man began to throw some pens at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a grotesque dog with lavas all over its back.  The dog began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster quickly shaking.  The monster began to shake.  I saw a graceful dinosaur with metal squares coming out of its tongue.  The dog began to throw some fruit at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the church.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with spikes everywhere.  The island suddenly showed me several bumps.  The island suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I saw a grotesque director of the island with fruit all over its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the island.  The director of the island began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The director of the island continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with dogs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the island.  The island suddenly went to a church.  A monster came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of logs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the church.  The monster started to spit out lots of pencils.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and ran to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to melt.  The cat began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a basement of a basement of a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to crumble.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  The scarecrow shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the classroom.  The scarecrow began to throw some bugs at me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny statue with fruit on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The statue stated "The spikes are in the mouse"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and started crumbling.  The dog began to throw some logs at me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat small"  The dog began to stand on me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I saw a blue tin man with cats all over its legs.  The tin man began to melt.  The dog said "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The monster started shaking.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the classroom.  I saw a small dinosaur with pens coming out of its feet.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly said "The bumps are in the lava"  The monster started crumbling, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The man ran to a house.  The man began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely large"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The dog began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a large statue with cars coming out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The bed suddenly showed me several lavas.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to throw some dogs at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous cat with snows coming out of its eyes.  The cat began to grab me.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the island.  I saw a hideous statue with cars sticking out of its back.  The island suddenly showed me several fruit.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering statue with bumps all over its toes.  The statue started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stated "Hello?"  The statue began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a tiny bed, and I stopped being concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The island suddenly drove to a classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a bright island, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the island.  I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with glass triangles coming out of its toes.  The island suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the island.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with wooden squares sticking out of its legs.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of dogs.  The scarecrow began to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shake.  The dorm suddenly shouted "The fruit are in the mouse"  A tin man showed up and stated "Why are you so huge?"  The tin man began to throw some photos at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a huge dining hall, and I stopped being concerned.  The dining hall suddenly began to throw some ices at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a house.  The house suddenly began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the basement of a house.  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me quickly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the house.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The photos are in the snow"  

A statue appeared and stated "The pencils are in the insect"  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  The statue began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher showed up and gave me some spikes.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly shouted "Why are you so futuristic?"  The island suddenly began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  A teacher showed up and said "The bumps are in the lava"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the basement of a house.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with snows coming out of its back.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a red cat with fruit sticking out of its toes.  The cat started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I said "That sucks"  The cat began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The island suddenly began to smack me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with insects sticking out of its eyes.  The dinosaur showed me several snows.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur grew much larger into the ground.  

I was shaking in a childlike basement of a church, and I stopped being scared.  The church suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the basement of a church, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The statue started melting.  The statue went to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I said "Hello?"  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  A teacher showed up and started growing much larger.  The statue drove to a basement of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large statue with fires sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The statue started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The statue began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and ran to a basement of a dorm.  The cat began to stand on me.  The cat said "You must look inside"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the basement of a dorm.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with fruit everywhere.  The island suddenly whispered "The pens are in the bag"  The island suddenly gave me some phones.  A man appeared and started to spit out lots of logs.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the island.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and whispered "The metal squares are in the lava"  The scarecrow began to punch me.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the house.  I saw a tiny cat with insects all over its feet.  The scarecrow shouted "You must look inside"  The cat began to yell at me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started melting.  The monster began to melt.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the house.  The monster began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a graceful house, and I whispered "That sucks"  The house suddenly began to shake.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the house.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and began to shrink in height.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some mice at me.  The cat went to a island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being concerned.  The cat began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "This is very childlike"  I saw a green dog with phones all over its face.  The dog gave me some glass squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

A dinosaur showed up and began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dog wildly melting.  The dog began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The tin man began to jump over me.  The tin man showed me several logs.  The tin man crumbled into thin air.  

I was melting in a pleasant beach, and I began to melt.  The beach suddenly gave me some phones.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me quickly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the beach.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I was growing much larger in a massive classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the classroom.  I saw a towering dinosaur with bags coming out of its back.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The classroom suddenly ran to a dorm.  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

I was shaking in a bright bed, and I began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly stated "Why are you so bright?"  I saw a graceful man with dogs on its toes.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The ices are in the spike"  

I was melting in a green classroom, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the classroom.  I saw a towering man with insects on its tongue.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  The man began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  A dog appeared and began to shrink in height.  The beach suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The dinosaur shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a bright dining hall, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the island.  The statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the island.  The statue began to punch me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with bugs everywhere.  The airport suddenly drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the beach.  A tin man came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a island.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a childlike tin man with cars all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to jump over me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher slowly shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly stated "The logs are in the photo"  The tin man started shaking.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a blue classroom, and I began to shake.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I said "What's going on?"  The classroom suddenly went to a church.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  The church suddenly began to sing to me, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous man with metal triangles coming out of its arms.  The man began to crumble.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the island.  The man gave me some logs.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous cat with pens on its arms.  The cat began to throw some snows at me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  The cat began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to melt.  The cat began to slap me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I saw a pleasant manager of the bed with ices on its toes.  The manager of the bed began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green dinosaur with insects sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dinosaur grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue started shrinking in height.  The statue stated "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the dining hall.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and drove to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a small cat with lavas all over its legs.  The cat started to spit out lots of glass squares.  The cat drove to a beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stated "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the beach.  The cat began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and started melting.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly walked to a airport.  I saw a towering dinosaur with photos on its tongue.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  The dinosaur showed me several snows, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The monster began to throw some fires at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The monster began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a green cat with dogs coming out of its legs.  The cat started to spit out lots of fires.  The cat showed me several bugs.  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a person who looked just like me quickly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the airport.  A statue appeared and shouted "Why are you so green?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content for some reason.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The scene changed to a house, with a cat absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the house.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and showed me several photos.  The man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly ran to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and sprinted to a airport.  The teacher showed me several mice.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The scene changed to a beach, with a tin man wildly shaking.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the beach.  The tin man began to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

I saw a futuristic man with photos sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with bags everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the bed.  A leader of the bed came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The bed suddenly said "Why are you so towering?"  The leader of the bed began to kick me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The last thing I remember is the leader of the bed saying "The bumps are in the pencil"  

I saw a pleasant man with insects all over its mouth.  The man stated "The bugs are in the bump"  The man started to spit out lots of ices.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a director of the dorm absent-mindedly crumbling.  The director of the dorm began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man began to throw some glass squares at me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something great.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with photos everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly showed me several mice.  I saw a hideous scarecrow with fruit sticking out of its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the beach.  The scarecrow sprinted to a church.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The phones are in the spike"  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a basement of a basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly gave me some mice.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The basement of a basement of a island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The basement of a basement of a island suddenly began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The classroom suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The man began to stand on me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a teacher shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the church.  The teacher began to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to melt.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red tin man with photos on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very graceful" for some reason.  The tin man gave me some phones.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the island.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and showed me several metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The tin man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The tin man melted into the ground.  

I was melting in a futuristic dining hall, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a director of the dining hall slowly crumbling.  The director of the dining hall sprinted to a bed.  The director of the dining hall began to kick me.  The director of the dining hall melted into nothingness.  

A teacher showed up and started growing much larger.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I threw some mice at it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some pens.  I saw a futuristic dog with fruit on its legs.  The teacher began to smack me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dog stated "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a tin man started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the airport.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a house.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with bumps everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  The bed suddenly ran to a basement of a island.  The island suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and began to shrink in height.  The man started melting.  The man whispered "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster carefully growing much larger.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I saw a red statue with mice all over its eyes.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with pens coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little grotesque" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

I saw a bright scarecrow with cats sticking out of its arms.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red statue with ices sticking out of its tongue.  The statue sprinted to a basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the basement of a island.  The statue began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with bugs coming out of its back.  The dinosaur sprinted to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something satisfying.  The dinosaur walked to a beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous teacher with photos coming out of its back.  The teacher began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the metal square" for some reason.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

I was melting in a grotesque beach, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the beach.  I saw a small statue with bags on its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the beach.  The statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large monster with pencils all over its eyes.  The monster started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the dorm.  The monster whispered "The photos are in the dog"  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

I was crumbling in a futuristic church, and I began to shrink in height.  The church suddenly began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I don't know why, but I walked to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church.  The island suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike monster with snows on its legs.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The monster began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The monster shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The man began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The man went to a island.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the bed.  The man shrunk in height into the ground.  

A tin man appeared and began to yell at me.  The tin man shouted "The mice are in the pen"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a bright teacher with wooden squares on its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the church.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a pleasant classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster wildly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The man showed me several fires.  The man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the airport.  I saw a green dog with phones all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue teacher with fruit sticking out of its mouth.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the church.  A dog showed up and started shaking.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The church suddenly started melting.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with insects everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the island.  The island suddenly gave me some glass squares.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange basement of a basement of a airport on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the airport.  The dorm suddenly stated "That sucks"  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the basement of a airport.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bugs.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of insects, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and began to sing to me.  The monster started crumbling.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to sing to me.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly began to melt.  A statue showed up and ran to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the bed.  The statue melted into the ground.  

A statue appeared and started melting.  The statue began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The statue drove to a airport.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a large basement of a bed, and I said "This is somewhat blue"  The basement of a bed suddenly ran to a basement of a house.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is somewhat pale" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and began to melt.  The cat shouted "The spikes are in the fire"  The cat whispered "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the church.  I saw a enormous statue with bugs sticking out of its legs.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The church suddenly sprinted to a beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge teacher with spikes coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The teacher drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the dining hall.  The cat whispered "The cars are in the fruit"  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog quickly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the beach.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The cat crumbled into nothingness.  

A cat appeared and began to shake.  The cat said "Hey man, it happens"  The cat began to throw some glass triangles at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  The cat began to crumble.  I saw a small dog with cats coming out of its tongue.  The cat gave me some pens.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a cat began to slap me.  The house suddenly began to shoot me.  The cat started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  The house suddenly began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The fruit are in the cat"  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is very massive" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had accomplished something terrible for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a man wildly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the church.  A cat showed up and gave me some glass squares.  The church suddenly whispered "Why are you so towering?"  The church suddenly showed me several phones.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with mice everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The church suddenly whispered "The ices are in the fruit"  I don't know why, but I ran to a dining hall.  The church suddenly drove to a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with fires everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the airport.  A dog came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of cars.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  The dog started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and started to spit out lots of mice.  The monster said "The lavas are in the insect"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "The ices are in the mouse"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the house.  I saw a massive manager of the house with fires all over its mouth.  The manager of the house began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The manager of the house began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure monster with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The monster showed me several bugs.  The monster began to throw some wooden squares at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher carefully melting.  The house suddenly showed me several fruit.  The teacher started to spit out lots of spikes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the house, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with snows coming out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The church suddenly began to yell at me.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge statue with metal triangles coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The statue began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dining hall.  The statue began to crumble.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The statue gave me some cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The statue crumbled into nothingness.  

A cat showed up and began to smack me.  The cat ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the basement of a airport.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large statue with spikes sticking out of its legs.  The statue started to spit out lots of lavas.  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dorm.  The statue began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the dorm.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale cat with cats all over its arms.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The cat began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and said "The metal squares are in the bump"  The statue showed me several fruit.  The statue gave me some spikes.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the beach.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The beach suddenly began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a huge house, and I began to shake.  The house suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The house suddenly began to throw some ices at me.  A statue appeared and whispered "The dogs are in the pen"  The statue went to a church.  The statue drove to a beach.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to yell at me.  The house suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow melted into nothingness.  

I saw a tiny teacher with ices all over its face.  The teacher began to throw some logs at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The teacher began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a dinosaur quickly crumbling.  The teacher showed me several lavas.  The house suddenly started melting.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and drove to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the bed.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some lavas.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow began to punch me.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a bed.  The scarecrow whispered "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  I saw a graceful dinosaur with dogs all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some bags at me.  The scene changed to a island, with a scarecrow quickly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the island.  I saw a pale monster with phones coming out of its eyes.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The monster began to throw some fires at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a dorm.  The statue began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the dorm.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me wildly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I saw a huge dog with bumps on its face.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The dog began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with bumps all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The person who looked just like me ran to a dorm.  I saw a pale dinosaur with logs all over its back.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with lavas everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the house.  A dog came out of nowhere and sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly said "Why are you so hideous?"  The house suddenly began to shake.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green dinosaur with dogs on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The dinosaur walked to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a towering classroom, and I began to melt.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur quickly crumbling.  The dinosaur showed me several pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly like I had done something helpful for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with mice all over its back.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur began to throw some bags at me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The dinosaur crumbled into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

I saw a large man with dogs on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry for some reason.  The man began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man slowly shaking.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  A person who looked just like me showed up and drove to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and shouted "The lavas are in the snow"  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cats are in the dog" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue tin man with bumps coming out of its back.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The tin man showed me several wooden triangles.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly began to throw some lavas at me.  I saw a enormous monster with ices all over its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the basement of a bed.  The monster began to yell at me.  The monster grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the bed.  I saw a green dinosaur with cars sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive tin man with lavas coming out of its back.  The tin man began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so pale?"  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with phones sticking out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of logs.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of snows.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some fruit at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with photos everywhere.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the classroom.  A cat came out of nowhere and sprinted to a house.  The cat began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The house suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the basement of a island.  I saw a tiny man with bumps sticking out of its feet.  The basement of a island suddenly sprinted to a church.  The man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The man shook into thin air.  

I was shaking in a green bed, and I felt strangely nervous.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the bed.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The cat began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The cat shook into the ground.  

I saw a large cat with metal squares all over its mouth.  The cat began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with mice sticking out of its arms.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something helpful.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The snows are in the cat"  

A man came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The man began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The man started growing much larger.  The man grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a dog shouted "That sucks"  The island suddenly stated "The bumps are in the snow"  The dog began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is a little childlike"  I saw a small man with dogs coming out of its tongue.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dog started melting.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with lavas everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the beach.  A monster appeared and showed me several fruit.  The beach suddenly began to smack me.  The monster began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a huge classroom, and I stopped being scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the basement of a house.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry for some reason.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the house.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The teacher melted into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a green basement of a church, and I whispered "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the basement of a church.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur slowly shrinking in height.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The basement of a church suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous statue with fires coming out of its arms.  The statue gave me some metal squares.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly began to kick me.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?" thinking this would help.  The island suddenly stated "The cats are in the car"  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some mice.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous monster with fruit all over its legs.  The monster began to throw some bags at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The monster drove to a dining hall.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to slap me.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  A man showed up and began to throw some logs at me.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  The man sprinted to a beach.  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with wooden triangles everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the island.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a obscure airport, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the airport.  I saw a massive dog with fruit sticking out of its arms.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The airport suddenly said "You must look inside"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and started crumbling.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the dining hall.  The house suddenly drove to a island.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with bugs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I saw a small man with pens on its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the bed.  The man began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so small?"  

I was melting in a childlike beach, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the beach.  A man appeared and ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the beach.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and went to a airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several pencils.  The airport suddenly ran to a house.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a towering church, and I shouted "I want to shake"  The church suddenly ran to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the airport.  I saw a huge dinosaur with fires sticking out of its feet.  The dinosaur said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to shrink in height.  The statue began to melt.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so futuristic?" thinking this would help.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the bed.  The bed suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with bags all over its face.  The person who looked just like me said "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and gave me some bugs.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a tiny airport, and I heard a voice say "The ices are in the bag"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to grab me.  I saw a pleasant cat with bumps coming out of its mouth.  The cat stated "The glass triangles are in the dog"  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I saw a large dog with glass triangles sticking out of its feet.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The fruit are in the spike"  

I saw a grotesque cat with bags all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The cat began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge dog with fires sticking out of its back.  The dog began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The dog gave me some bugs.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering man with snows all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content for some reason.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the church.  I saw a small leader of the church with lavas on its mouth.  The man stated "The wooden squares are in the bag"  The leader of the church began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The man started crumbling, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with bugs everywhere.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stated "That sucks"  The beach suddenly went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several spikes.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I shot it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a island.  The house suddenly walked to a basement of a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me showed me several phones.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The ices are in the mouse"  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow whispered "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I threw some glass squares at it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The monster began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and gave me some photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?" thinking this would help.  The man showed me several bugs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly gave me some snows.  I saw a blue statue with insects on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the dorm.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with snows everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the dog" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the dorm.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me wildly shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass triangles are in the bug" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with cars on its mouth.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I threw some ices at it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I threw some snows at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shrinking in height in a hideous dining hall, and I stopped being concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  A scarecrow showed up and showed me several bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry for some reason.  The tin man began to stand on me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a man slowly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the bed.  The tin man stated "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a statue began to shrink in height.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike man with mice sticking out of its toes.  The man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The scene changed to a church, with a dog absent-mindedly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the dorm.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some metal triangles at me.  The man crumbled into nothingness.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to punch me.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being scared.  The dining hall suddenly began to throw some pencils at me.  A statue showed up and said "The cats are in the spike"  The statue shouted "Why are you so towering?"  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The teacher gave me some insects.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous tin man with snows sticking out of its face.  The tin man showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being concerned.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some cats.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the dining hall.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a large dinosaur with snows sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a house, with a monster absent-mindedly melting.  The house suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur melted into the ground.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The monster gave me some cats.  The monster began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the classroom.  A man appeared and said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure cat with bags sticking out of its back.  The cat began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The cat started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The cat began to throw some insects at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started melting.  The scarecrow gave me some logs.  The scarecrow began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange basement of a dorm with pens everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the dorm.  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a dog slowly growing much larger.  The dog stated "The logs are in the log"  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to shake.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange basement of a island with metal triangles everywhere.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The basement of a island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a massive cat with mice sticking out of its feet.  The cat began to shoot me.  The basement of a island suddenly started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a man began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dorm.  The man whispered "The cars are in the bug"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with fruit everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly whispered "That sucks"  A teacher appeared and began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  The dorm suddenly showed me several fires.  The teacher began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and whispered "The glass squares are in the log"  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the island.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher slowly shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something satisfying.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The tin man gave me some dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the beach.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a enormous basement of a beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The cat began to grab me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The beach suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man wildly shrinking in height.  The church suddenly began to shake.  The cat started crumbling.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike dog with bugs coming out of its toes.  The dog began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The dog ran to a beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "That sucks"  The dog began to crumble.  A statue showed up and sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange bed with pencils everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  A teacher came out of nowhere and started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the bed.  The teacher began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue tin man with fruit coming out of its arms.  The tin man stated "That sucks"  The tin man gave me some logs.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur wildly crumbling.  The tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a childlike dog with lavas coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright statue with spikes sticking out of its arms.  The statue began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The statue shook into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being afraid.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  A monster appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several insects.  The monster began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into the ground.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The church suddenly began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue statue with spikes coming out of its mouth.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue stated "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the house.  A scarecrow showed up and started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the house.  The scarecrow began to throw some ices at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The logs are in the fire"  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a cat started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the beach.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure dog with bags sticking out of its mouth.  The dog began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  A monster appeared and walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the house.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a beach.  The beach suddenly began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely graceful" for some reason.  I saw a obscure monster with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster began to slap me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The monster grew much larger into thin air.  

A man appeared and began to melt.  The man started shaking.  The man began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The man began to shake.  I saw a huge cat with bumps all over its tongue.  The man started to spit out lots of phones.  The cat began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had done something satisfying for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with glass triangles on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The person who looked just like me showed me several dogs.  A leader of the beach showed up and ran to a house.  The person who looked just like me said "The mice are in the dog"  The leader of the beach began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The leader of the beach grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a director of the dining hall said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the dining hall.  I saw a red dinosaur with bugs coming out of its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike teacher with spikes all over its toes.  The teacher showed me several logs.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a island.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and shouted "Why are you so childlike?"  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright statue with mice sticking out of its back.  The statue began to grab me.  The statue began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher absent-mindedly shaking.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with spikes coming out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pale monster with mice sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The monster shouted "Why are you so pale?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to shake.  The monster began to crumble.  A cat showed up and started to spit out lots of pens.  The cat began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a childlike statue with fires sticking out of its toes.  The statue began to yell at me.  The statue began to throw some dogs at me.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dinosaur said "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a scarecrow wildly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the dining hall.  The scarecrow began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful cat with pencils on its legs.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt a little furious.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the church.  The cat began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and started shaking.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The teacher showed me several pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge monster with bugs on its tongue.  The monster began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the dining hall.  The beach suddenly went to a dorm.  A scarecrow appeared and began to kick me.  The scarecrow began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dining hall suddenly began to shoot me.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with lavas on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fires are in the insect" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me showed me several phones.  I don't know why, but I drove to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some pens at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A dog showed up and began to punch me.  The dog began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and began to shake.  The teacher gave me some insects.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a tiny church, and I began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The bed suddenly drove to a classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous man with cats all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The man showed me several lavas.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly stated "The glass triangles are in the bag"  The beach suddenly walked to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a red statue with pencils all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The statue went to a bed.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The statue began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I saw a massive monster with mice sticking out of its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the dining hall.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a red teacher with snows on its mouth.  The teacher started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with bags everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the dorm.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to slap me.  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt very anxious.  The beach suddenly began to throw some photos at me.  I saw a massive teacher with cats sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to throw some insects at me.  The beach suddenly began to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pale teacher with lavas sticking out of its arms.  The teacher began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The teacher drove to a beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The teacher started to spit out lots of pencils.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The cats are in the spike"  

I saw a towering scarecrow with mice all over its eyes.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of photos.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something satisfying.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with ices everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the snow" for some reason.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a pale man with bugs sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to kick me.  The man began to crumble.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a bright beach, and I said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the beach.  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a manager of the beach absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The manager of the beach began to crumble.  The basement of a bed suddenly started shaking.  The bed suddenly began to kick me, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with mice everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the dorm.  A dinosaur appeared and showed me several photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic classroom, and I stopped being worried.  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I said "I want to shrink in height"  The classroom suddenly gave me some fruit.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and whispered "That sucks"  The monster gave me some mice.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The monster shouted "The dogs are in the cat"  A leader of the dining hall appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  The monster began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the fire" thinking this would help.  The leader of the dining hall continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large dinosaur with insects on its tongue.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a island.  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so large?"  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I saw a grotesque statue with snows on its feet.  The basement of a island suddenly drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so massive?"  

I saw a blue scarecrow with metal triangles all over its eyes.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  The dorm suddenly began to smack me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher stated "The fruit are in the bug"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue tin man with insects on its legs.  The tin man drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the island.  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  I saw a small scarecrow with cats sticking out of its back.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The island suddenly shouted "Why are you so small?"  The tin man grew much larger into nothingness.  

I was crumbling in a childlike bed, and I felt slightly terrified.  The bed suddenly began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the beach.  I saw a pale cat with photos sticking out of its tongue.  The cat went to a airport.  The cat began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The cat melted into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with mice everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to grab me.  I saw a blue tin man with photos coming out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

A teacher appeared and began to shrink in height.  The teacher whispered "The cars are in the lava"  The teacher began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to throw some bugs at me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  A man came out of nowhere and said "The fires are in the dog"  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat blue"  The man began to sing to me, but I threw some phones at it and ran away.  The teacher shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to jump over me.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a beach.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dinosaur showed me several pencils.  The dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and started to spit out lots of insects.  The man started crumbling.  The man drove to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt very terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the pen" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The cat crumbled into thin air.  

A statue came out of nowhere and showed me several fruit.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The statue began to throw some dogs at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with bumps sticking out of its feet.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shake" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the dining hall.  A monster appeared and drove to a basement of a airport.  The basement of a airport suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the bed.  The dinosaur began to throw some photos at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with dogs on its eyes.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "This is a little pale"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly walked to a church.  The dinosaur melted into nothingness.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher said "The pencils are in the phone"  The bed suddenly began to shake.  The teacher began to stand on me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me carefully melting.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a large classroom, and I wasn't happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the classroom.  A statue appeared and showed me several photos.  The statue began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The statue began to sing to me.  The statue stated "The lavas are in the fruit", and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The teacher sprinted to a classroom.  The teacher melted into nothingness.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a red monster with logs sticking out of its legs.  The monster started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a airport.  The house suddenly began to punch me.  The house suddenly began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I said "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and started crumbling.  The teacher began to throw some pens at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something great.  The teacher started to spit out lots of fires.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the pencil"  The teacher ran to a dorm.  The teacher began to throw some cats at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The teacher melted into nothingness.  

I saw a futuristic monster with cats all over its arms.  The monster began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The monster began to sing to me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the pen" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and started crumbling.  The monster started melting.  The monster started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The man started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly showed me several bags.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a monster went to a basement of a dining hall.  The monster shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The monster began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The monster ran to a basement of a basement of a basement of a dorm.  The monster began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure tin man with bags on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the beach.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to throw some insects at me.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  The tin man started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a massive dinosaur with wooden triangles on its feet.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the classroom.  A manager of the classroom appeared and started to spit out lots of ices.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and began to stand on me.  The monster began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog carefully shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the airport.  The monster started growing much larger.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the bed.  A cat showed up and began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with dogs sticking out of its arms.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a house, with a manager of the house slowly crumbling.  The house suddenly showed me several bugs.  A dog appeared and showed me several glass squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The house suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with bumps coming out of its feet.  The scarecrow drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the snow" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike man with insects all over its eyes.  The man started shaking.  The man began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The man melted into the ground.  

A man appeared and started to spit out lots of bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly drove to a church.  I saw a tiny dog with phones sticking out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the church.  The man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I threw some cats at it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some pencils at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  A leader of the basement of a bed appeared and said "The dogs are in the photo"  The person who looked just like me ran to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

My family and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very green" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the dining hall.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a basement of a dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly showed me several bags.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt very like I had done something terrible.  The basement of a dorm suddenly sprinted to a basement of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The cat gave me some lavas.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the classroom.  The cat melted into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a basement of a house.  The house suddenly said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the beach.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur slowly crumbling.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a tin man began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the classroom.  The basement of a house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the basement of a house.  The house suddenly went to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike man with mice sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The man started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster quickly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the dining hall.  The man shook into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with dogs on its back.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow started to spit out lots of mice.  The scarecrow started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I saw a large person who looked just like me with phones sticking out of its face.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with fruit sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The dinosaur began to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being happy about it.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I saw a graceful director of the airport with bugs all over its tongue.  The director of the airport started shaking.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the director of the airport saying "You must look inside"  

I was shaking in a pleasant airport, and I stopped being scared.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  The airport suddenly gave me some wooden squares.  I saw a red teacher with fires sticking out of its toes.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  The teacher began to kick me.  The airport suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with bags everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I shouted "Hello?"  The island suddenly began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic cat with cars sticking out of its eyes.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The cat began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt slightly relaxed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the dorm.  I saw a bright tin man with fruit all over its toes.  The cat started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous scarecrow with lavas on its toes.  The scarecrow gave me some pencils.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I said "I want to shake"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the house.  I saw a pleasant monster with spikes sticking out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the house.  The scarecrow gave me some fruit.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to smack me.  The dog started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I saw a green teacher with cats coming out of its mouth.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a grotesque church, and I wasn't scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the church.  The church suddenly began to melt.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the church.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started to spit out lots of bags.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a director of the dorm wildly shaking.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The director of the dorm ran to a island.  The director of the dorm crumbled into the ground.  

A man appeared and started melting.  The man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The man began to throw some snows at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the church.  A manager of the church came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the church.  The church suddenly began to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and gave me some metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The man began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with phones everywhere.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a hideous statue with pencils all over its toes.  The church suddenly showed me several mice.  The church suddenly gave me some pens.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a blue classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly began to throw some pencils at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a dorm, and I began to melt.  The dorm suddenly walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with ices everywhere.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to punch me, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with logs all over its eyes.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I said "This is extremely pleasant"  The dinosaur showed me several cats.  The dinosaur began to shake.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with lavas coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me walked to a dorm.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry for some reason.  I saw a huge tin man with mice sticking out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous teacher with dogs coming out of its mouth.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass triangles at me.  The teacher shook into nothingness.  

A dog appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dog began to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  A dinosaur appeared and began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the church.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive beach, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the classroom.  The beach suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with cars everywhere.  The classroom suddenly showed me several phones.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I shouted "I want to melt"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely massive" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The monster walked to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  I saw a pleasant man with dogs on its arms.  The bed suddenly showed me several mice.  The bed suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange basement of a airport with phones everywhere.  The basement of a airport suddenly gave me some bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the photo" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being scared.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a man shouted "You must look inside"  The man started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  The man ran to a house.  The man began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small cat with phones sticking out of its eyes.  The cat began to throw some glass squares at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The cat began to throw some insects at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a statue started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the airport.  The airport suddenly stated "Why are you so massive?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur appeared and gave me some bugs.  The dinosaur began to throw some lavas at me.  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a house.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  A director of the basement of a house came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The director of the basement of a house began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the house, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful man with bags coming out of its tongue.  The man began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so graceful?"  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a man started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the dining hall.  The man whispered "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a bright classroom, and I felt slightly nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the classroom.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a small basement of a bed, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a man sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a airport, and I began to melt.  The man stated "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the basement of a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog started to spit out lots of glass squares.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the dining hall.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  The dog began to throw some spikes at me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the basement of a bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright dog with metal squares sticking out of its legs.  The dog began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The dog began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat large"  The scene changed to a bed, with a man wildly shrinking in height.  The dog began to smack me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dog started to spit out lots of snows.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog began to stand on me.  The dog began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat grotesque"  The dog started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stated "I want to melt"  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is a little green"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and ran to a basement of a dining hall.  The dog walked to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the basement of a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I wasn't afraid.  The church suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive dog with fruit all over its tongue.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dog began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to melt.  The dog began to shake.  The church suddenly gave me some phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a dinosaur started shaking.  The classroom suddenly went to a beach.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the dining hall.  The dinosaur crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a pale teacher with snows sticking out of its eyes.  The teacher began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive airport, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the church.  The church suddenly began to shake.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a island, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and began to stand on me.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering cat with glass triangles coming out of its eyes.  The cat showed me several spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The cat started shaking.  A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat wildly melting.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a island.  I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with lavas coming out of its feet.  The cat began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The cat began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow showed up and ran to a basement of a bed.  The scarecrow drove to a church.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a island.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to shake.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a house.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a pale church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I saw a futuristic cat with dogs coming out of its back.  The church suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The church suddenly began to slap me.  The cat began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

A man showed up and shouted "That sucks"  The man began to smack me.  The man began to throw some bags at me.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a statue carefully crumbling.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the basement of a dorm.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic man with pencils sticking out of its mouth.  The man gave me some mice.  The man began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the church.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with ices everywhere.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the dorm.  I saw a futuristic cat with pens on its back.  The cat began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly went to a basement of a basement of a bed.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The man began to crumble.  The man walked to a airport.  The man melted into the ground.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something great.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a large tin man with logs coming out of its back.  The bed suddenly gave me some photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  The scene changed to a island, with a man wildly shaking.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  A manager of the island appeared and gave me some fires.  The manager of the island began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the island.  The manager of the island crumbled into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with cars everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the dining hall.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The dog began to stand on me, but I threw some logs at it and ran away.  The dog shrunk in height into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a island.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  The church suddenly began to melt.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is somewhat large" for some reason.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge dinosaur with bags sticking out of its face.  The dinosaur went to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a childlike beach, and I began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the beach.  I saw a obscure dinosaur with phones sticking out of its face.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with cats all over its toes.  The tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly like I had accomplished something satisfying for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stated "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The tin man began to shoot me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and showed me several cars.  The dinosaur whispered "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  A cat came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The man began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The man began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to melt.  The man started growing much larger.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A dog came out of nowhere and showed me several mice.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow quickly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the beach.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dog crumbled into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly began to slap me.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  A manager of the dorm showed up and began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large monster with logs coming out of its tongue.  The monster started to spit out lots of mice.  The monster began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the beach.  The monster began to throw some snows at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange basement of a basement of a dorm on top of a basement of a beach.  The basement of a beach suddenly drove to a island.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to grab me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the airport.  The basement of a beach suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with cars coming out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The scene changed to a church, with a dinosaur carefully shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the church.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to crumble.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of bags.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the church.  A person who looked just like me showed up and started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the church.  The church suddenly ran to a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The statue sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I was shaking in a grotesque beach, and I whispered "Hello?"  The beach suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  A dinosaur showed up and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur walked to a airport.  The dinosaur showed me several fruit.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering monster with pencils sticking out of its legs.  The monster began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  The monster sprinted to a dorm.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  The monster drove to a airport.  I saw a futuristic dog with metal triangles sticking out of its eyes.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a statue started to spit out lots of ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The statue began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  A monster appeared and started melting.  The statue began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the basement of a bed.  The statue started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and ran to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the church.  I saw a pleasant director of the church with photos sticking out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the church.  The cat began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A statue appeared and shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red statue with spikes on its back.  The statue whispered "The ices are in the bag"  The statue started to spit out lots of bags.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a cat began to jump over me.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the airport.  A scarecrow appeared and said "The phones are in the snow"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the airport.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The pens are in the spike"  

A dog came out of nowhere and drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the island.  The island suddenly gave me some ices.  I don't know why, but I went to a dorm.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very childlike" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some photos at me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me stated "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The statue began to throw some mice at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

A man came out of nowhere and walked to a dorm.  The man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The man began to grab me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The man began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the dining hall.  The man began to throw some snows at me, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the dorm.  The cat drove to a house.  The cat began to punch me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt", and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny dog with fruit all over its back.  The dog started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I went to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious thinking this would help.  A cat showed up and began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The dog began to throw some cats at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange basement of a beach with fruit everywhere.  The beach suddenly went to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I wasn't afraid.  The beach suddenly walked to a church.  The airport suddenly gave me some spikes.  The beach suddenly drove to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque house, and I began to crumble.  The house suddenly showed me several cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The dog began to crumble.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a scarecrow slowly growing much larger.  The scarecrow gave me some ices.  I saw a grotesque man with bags sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow showed me several insects.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a bright dining hall, and I wasn't concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I saw a tiny cat with metal squares coming out of its arms.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so huge?"  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a statue started growing much larger.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the bed.  I saw a bright tin man with cars all over its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the bed.  The bed suddenly gave me some bugs.  The tin man melted into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange basement of a house with snows everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The basement of a house suddenly started shaking.  A tin man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The tin man began to throw some logs at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small cat with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The cat began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  The cat started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The cat began to yell at me.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble, and I smiled.  

I saw a green man with logs on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The man shouted "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me wildly shaking.  The man started to spit out lots of photos.  The man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The man shook into nothingness.  

I saw a childlike man with fruit sticking out of its eyes.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The man started growing much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the classroom.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly showed me several phones.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the house.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a beach.  The basement of a beach suddenly started melting.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a statue began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the dorm.  The statue began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The cars are in the lava"  

I was shaking in a huge island, and I felt slightly relaxed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the island.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster quickly melting.  The monster drove to a dining hall.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The monster showed me several ices, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale tin man with photos on its arms.  The tin man started to spit out lots of lavas.  The tin man drove to a church.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with photos everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with fires coming out of its face.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow ran to a classroom.  I don't know why, but I went to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the classroom.  The scarecrow began to grab me.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque tin man with fires sticking out of its toes.  The tin man began to throw some cats at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The tin man began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant dog with pencils on its feet.  The dog began to slap me.  The dog said "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a island, with a man wildly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The man began to throw some bugs at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

A cat showed up and started growing much larger.  The cat started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very bright" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful man with metal squares sticking out of its mouth.  The man began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The man began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque monster with bags all over its legs.  The monster started to spit out lots of snows.  The monster stated "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive man with photos coming out of its back.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The man began to punch me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dog carefully melting.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something satisfying.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a classroom, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me ran to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the airport.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something terrible.  I saw a hideous dinosaur with logs all over its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the church.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and showed me several metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  The man began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I saw a green director of the basement of a airport with bugs on its tongue.  The man began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the airport.  The director of the basement of a airport continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure teacher with pencils sticking out of its eyes.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a cat started to spit out lots of cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The cat started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a bright basement of a church, and I wasn't scared.  The church suddenly drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a childlike basement of a beach, and I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the pen"  The beach suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I ran to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the basement of a beach.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a cat started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly said "You must look inside"  The cat started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the beach.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a blue dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the dorm.  I don't know why, but I went to a beach.  The beach suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a statue whispered "You must look inside"  The statue gave me some bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  A tin man appeared and began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the airport.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a green church, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the church.  I saw a small monster with bugs all over its feet.  The monster sprinted to a classroom.  The monster began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a blue island, and I heard a voice say "The phones are in the ice"  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the island.  The island suddenly began to kick me.  A scarecrow showed up and drove to a basement of a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a basement of a dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and showed me several logs.  The person who looked just like me stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me started shaking, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange airport with fires everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the bag" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the basement of a airport.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to shake.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man quickly crumbling.  The tin man began to melt.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to stand on me.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to throw some lavas at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scarecrow crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a obscure monster with phones sticking out of its legs.  The monster drove to a house.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a church, with a man quickly shrinking in height.  The man whispered "That sucks"  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The man began to slap me, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The man ran to a island.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow quickly shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly shouted "The bumps are in the mouse"  The man whispered "Why are you so hideous?"  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to smack me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous scarecrow with spikes on its mouth.  The scarecrow began to throw some fires at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a man carefully shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  I saw a futuristic monster with bugs coming out of its eyes.  The basement of a dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the basement of a dorm.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with dogs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  A manager of the bed showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The manager of the bed began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The manager of the bed sprinted to a dining hall.  The manager of the bed continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with pencils coming out of its mouth.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a monster began to sing to me.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a church, with a dinosaur carefully melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the church.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

I was shrinking in height in a green church, and I stated "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" for some reason.  The church suddenly showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is somewhat large" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and went to a house.  The house suddenly gave me some wooden triangles.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the house.  I don't know why, but I ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  The man began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with spikes all over its eyes.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The scarecrow stated "The logs are in the bag"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being scared.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  A cat came out of nowhere and sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly started shaking.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The photos are in the bump"  

I saw a grotesque tin man with glass squares sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The tin man began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A statue appeared and sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike tin man with mice on its toes.  The tin man sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with lavas coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a scarecrow wildly crumbling.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The basement of a church suddenly began to throw some fires at me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with mice everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  A teacher showed up and ran to a island.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The teacher melted into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a pale basement of a island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the island.  The basement of a island suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a obscure dinosaur with pencils coming out of its face.  The dinosaur began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a airport.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The airport suddenly gave me some photos.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic dining hall, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur started to spit out lots of spikes.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I saw a enormous cat with cars coming out of its tongue.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur whispered "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure teacher with snows sticking out of its toes.  The teacher began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shake.  The teacher began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The teacher crumbled into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The cat began to melt.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur slowly crumbling.  The cat began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly walked to a classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive teacher with phones all over its mouth.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the island.  I saw a red man with wooden squares coming out of its feet.  The basement of a island suddenly whispered "The fires are in the ice"  The teacher began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The teacher shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque dorm, and I felt a little terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  The bed suddenly whispered "The phones are in the bug"  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the bed.  The bed suddenly stated "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque teacher with ices on its tongue.  The teacher began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The teacher gave me some lavas.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the church.  I saw a red tin man with pencils coming out of its back.  The teacher started to spit out lots of fruit.  The church suddenly said "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The fires are in the cat"  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to throw some logs at me.  The monster began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The tin man shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a tiny cat with insects all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the spike" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a beach when all of a sudden a dog drove to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the basement of a beach.  The dog began to crumble.  I saw a tiny teacher with bags on its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the dining hall.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with cars everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the house, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and began to grow much larger.  The tin man sprinted to a beach.  The tin man began to crumble.  The scene changed to a house, with a man carefully melting.  The tin man started to spit out lots of cars.  A cat came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat enormous"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant monster with pens on its mouth.  The monster began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The monster showed me several ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue teacher with ices all over its tongue.  The teacher began to throw some cats at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The teacher began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being afraid.  The teacher began to melt.  A cat came out of nowhere and sprinted to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the dorm.  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a large dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  A tin man appeared and whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the dorm.  The tin man ran to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a dog started melting.  The church suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the church.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the church.  The dog showed me several fruit.  I jolted awake.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The man began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur carefully shaking.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The man began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure man with insects coming out of its feet.  The man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The man started crumbling.  The man started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher started shaking.  The teacher began to grab me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur quickly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The dinosaur grew much larger into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with bags everywhere.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly started melting.  A cat appeared and began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the beach.  The cat began to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so massive?"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The tin man began to throw some bumps at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man said "The phones are in the insect"  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher wildly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the airport.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

A scarecrow appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow said "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "The insects are in the cat"  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I saw a massive director of the house with phones on its tongue.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  The scarecrow went to a bed.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a blue dorm, and I stated "What's going on?"  The dorm suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a house.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The house suddenly began to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  The classroom suddenly gave me some metal squares.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny dog with dogs coming out of its mouth.  The dog whispered "You must look inside"  The dog showed me several fires.  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic monster with logs on its legs.  The monster showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the fruit" for some reason.  I saw a graceful tin man with logs coming out of its back.  The tin man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The tin man gave me some cars.  The tin man shook into the ground.  

I saw a blue tin man with glass triangles coming out of its feet.  The tin man began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the bed.  A man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly said "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a man gave me some bumps.  The church suddenly said "The metal triangles are in the mouse"  The church suddenly started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The man shouted "You must look inside"  The man shrunk in height into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being worried.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and showed me several fires.  The tin man began to melt.  The tin man began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a huge statue with bugs sticking out of its face.  The statue began to throw some glass squares at me.  The statue shouted "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the church.  A monster appeared and whispered "Why are you so futuristic?"  The church suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a pale dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I said "Hello?"  The island suddenly gave me some fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly went to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  The basement of a classroom suddenly walked to a basement of a church.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  The teacher showed me several bumps.  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me slowly shaking.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something satisfying.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a tin man began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is extremely grotesque" for some reason.  A dog showed up and began to crumble.  The house suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and gave me some mice.  The man began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The beach suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful classroom, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the classroom.  I saw a futuristic leader of the classroom with cats sticking out of its legs.  The classroom suddenly ran to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike statue with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The statue began to yell at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a classroom.  The statue began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I saw a obscure scarecrow with bumps coming out of its back.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scarecrow shook into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a huge beach, and I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the glass triangle"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the beach.  A man appeared and drove to a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly said "Why are you so hideous?"  The basement of a dining hall suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and began to melt.  The cat began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The cat began to crumble.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange bed with fires everywhere.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  The bed suddenly shouted "The insects are in the glass triangle"  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster slowly growing much larger.  The monster began to smack me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The monster started shaking.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to punch me.  The scarecrow stated "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  A man appeared and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The man started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several spikes.  The teacher began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I stopped being happy about it.  The basement of a beach suddenly drove to a island.  I saw a grotesque man with metal triangles sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had done something wrong thinking this would help.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

A tin man showed up and began to jump over me.  The tin man began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The tin man began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to kick me, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several dogs.  The tin man began to punch me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow quickly melting.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  I saw a pleasant dinosaur with snows coming out of its tongue.  The tin man began to throw some glass triangles at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with insects everywhere.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  The house suddenly gave me some pens.  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to grab me.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The spikes are in the log"  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a cat began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the island.  The cat began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a church.  The cat began to throw some cats at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The cat whispered "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several logs.  A manager of the airport came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The airport suddenly began to sing to me.  The manager of the airport continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with bags everywhere.  The bed suddenly walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the house.  I saw a huge man with glass squares all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange basement of a island with pens everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "That sucks"  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the basement of a island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure cat with pens sticking out of its toes.  The cat started growing much larger.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being happy about it.  The island suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  I saw a hideous tin man with photos sticking out of its face.  The tin man began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The tin man started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red statue with dogs on its tongue.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and went to a house.  The tin man started crumbling.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with bags all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster slowly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  A scarecrow appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The classroom suddenly stated "Why are you so towering?"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I saw a enormous manager of the beach with pencils sticking out of its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green tin man with fires coming out of its face.  The tin man began to grab me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The tin man ran to a basement of a basement of a island.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some bags at me.  The scene changed to a church, with a dog carefully crumbling.  The tin man ran to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange basement of a dining hall with glass squares everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the basement of a dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the basement of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful monster with mice sticking out of its arms.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The monster began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being worried.  The monster began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The house suddenly said "The insects are in the pen"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm melting in a basement of a basement of a house when all of a sudden a monster showed me several mice.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the house.  The monster began to throw some ices at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher slowly shaking.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dorm suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue dinosaur with bags on its tongue.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The dinosaur began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a graceful house, and I began to crumble.  The house suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and showed me several bumps.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some pencils at me.  The dinosaur walked to a basement of a classroom.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog came out of nowhere and sprinted to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the church.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a director of the church wildly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the church.  A dinosaur appeared and showed me several mice.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The pens are in the phone"  

I was crumbling in a graceful dining hall, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur slowly growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I yelled at it "This is a little bright"  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and drove to a church.  The cat began to throw some ices at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The church suddenly started shaking.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a airport.  The church suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with fires sticking out of its back.  The dinosaur began to shake.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some ices at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't scared.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with pens on its eyes.  The dinosaur said "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A monster appeared and stated "That sucks"  The monster began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The monster began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The monster started crumbling, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and walked to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the snow" thinking this would help.  I saw a pale dog with glass squares on its toes.  The dog went to a dining hall.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a obscure island, and I began to crumble.  The island suddenly drove to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the bed.  A man appeared and sprinted to a classroom.  The man showed me several logs.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a red monster with spikes coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The monster began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  I saw a green dinosaur with insects coming out of its eyes.  The monster said "Why are you so pleasant?"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur said "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to grab me.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a leader of the island began to stand on me.  The leader of the island started growing much larger.  The island suddenly said "The bags are in the spike"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The leader of the island began to slap me.  The classroom suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the leader of the island saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was growing much larger in a large island, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of metal squares.  The cat gave me some cars.  The cat walked to a house.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "Hello?"  The house suddenly shouted "The fruit are in the pencil"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange basement of a airport with pencils everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the airport.  I saw a obscure statue with fruit all over its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the basement of a airport.  The basement of a airport suddenly shouted "The mice are in the bug"  The statue began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a green scarecrow with lavas all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the pen" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to throw some pens at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a small airport, and I wasn't scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  A cat came out of nowhere and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the airport.  The airport suddenly gave me some insects.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a enormous dog with bugs on its mouth.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog shouted "You must look inside"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly ran to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the beach.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a leader of the church wildly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the beach.  The leader of the church began to stand on me.  The leader of the church continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a bright dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me.  I saw a red scarecrow with bugs coming out of its tongue.  The dining hall suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow said "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

A dog appeared and walked to a bed.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dog began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dog shrunk in height into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with fires everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the bag" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a beach, with a monster wildly shrinking in height.  The monster started crumbling.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the church, and I smiled.  

I saw a large monster with metal triangles coming out of its tongue.  The monster stated "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so large?"  

A tin man appeared and walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the dining hall.  The tin man began to stand on me.  The dining hall suddenly said "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The man began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The insects are in the wooden triangle"  

A teacher showed up and began to grow much larger.  The teacher started melting.  The teacher ran to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I felt slightly angry.  The house suddenly drove to a classroom.  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with cars all over its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the house.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and started melting.  The dog gave me some cars.  The dog began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass triangles at me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dorm.  The dog whispered "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly ran to a island.  The dog began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the classroom.  The island suddenly said "That sucks"  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher carefully shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and started to spit out lots of bags.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dog sprinted to a house.  The dog began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

I saw a red dog with bumps all over its mouth.  The dog began to yell at me.  The dog started shaking.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher wildly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the dining hall.  I saw a graceful man with insects sticking out of its legs.  The man started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was melting in a enormous dorm, and I stopped being afraid.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dog slowly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content thinking this would help.  The dog gave me some logs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a small dog with snows all over its back.  The dog began to sing to me.  The dog started shaking.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  The dog sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike church, and I stopped being worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly walked to a island.  The island suddenly gave me some bumps.  A person who looked just like me showed up and sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I'm melting in a basement of a basement of a house when all of a sudden a cat began to grow much larger.  The basement of a basement of a house suddenly began to throw some mice at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  A statue showed up and started growing much larger.  The statue gave me some lavas.  The basement of a house suddenly began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a airport.  The house suddenly walked to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the house.  I saw a pleasant monster with phones all over its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The monster crumbled into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a man began to melt.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The man started growing much larger.  I saw a enormous cat with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The mice are in the dog"  

I saw a massive dinosaur with wooden squares coming out of its eyes.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the beach.  I saw a huge statue with cats sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The basement of a beach suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a cat drove to a island.  The island suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the bed.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a church.  The cat began to smack me.  The cat began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  The cat began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with metal squares everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a house.  The house suddenly began to melt.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The monster began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The monster began to punch me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and began to crumble.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dinosaur slowly shaking.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some insects at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and began to melt.  The statue stated "You must look inside"  The statue began to grow much larger.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and gave me some pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The teacher began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The teacher began to smack me, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to throw some dogs at me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely futuristic"  The scarecrow showed me several fruit.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a large house, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the house.  The house suddenly said "Why are you so tiny?"  A cat showed up and shouted "The lavas are in the spike"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the house.  The cat began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering cat with spikes on its legs.  The cat began to smack me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The cat gave me some pens.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue wildly melting.  The cat began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale tin man with ices coming out of its feet.  The tin man drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the bed.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a teacher quickly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the bed.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with bags coming out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the airport.  A scarecrow appeared and walked to a church.  The church suddenly gave me some spikes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the church.  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  A scarecrow showed up and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the island.  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with pens everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little pale" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the dorm.  A manager of the dorm came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  The manager of the dorm began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a huge church, and I wasn't happy about it.  The church suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dorm.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful dog with wooden triangles coming out of its feet.  The dog began to crumble.  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dog stated "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and gave me some pencils.  The statue began to stand on me.  The statue walked to a dorm.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a teacher carefully growing much larger.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I threw some snows at it and ran away.  I saw a red dog with glass squares coming out of its mouth.  The dog began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dog began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely massive"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous tin man with photos sticking out of its back.  The tin man began to throw some snows at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something terrible.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The tin man began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I saw a futuristic teacher with ices coming out of its eyes.  The church suddenly stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a bright tin man with ices on its eyes.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man went to a house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the house.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The pens are in the car"  

I saw a green cat with cats sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The cat started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly went to a airport.  A dinosaur showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur said "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The photos are in the insect"  

I saw a futuristic teacher with glass squares coming out of its back.  The teacher began to grab me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The teacher drove to a island.  The teacher shrunk in height into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with dogs everywhere.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  The dorm suddenly went to a beach.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful house, and I said "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the island.  The house suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "The phones are in the phone"  The bed suddenly went to a dorm.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog started shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the dining hall.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a airport.  The dog shouted "You must look inside"  The airport suddenly shouted "The wooden triangles are in the ice"  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow stated "The cars are in the snow"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the dorm.  The scarecrow stated "That sucks"  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog slowly shaking.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly showed me several ices.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue cat with dogs on its toes.  The cat began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something satisfying.  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The cat crumbled into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man started to spit out lots of lavas.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to melt.  The tin man began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The dorm suddenly showed me several fruit.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue person who looked just like me with fires coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me ran to a basement of a church.  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a director of the church wildly melting.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little anxious for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the island.  The island suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  A person who looked just like me appeared and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The island suddenly said "The fires are in the lava", and I smiled.  

I was melting in a graceful airport, and I heard a voice say "The wooden triangles are in the phone"  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a towering dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the bag"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with spikes all over its arms.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a huge bed, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with bumps coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a green church, and I wasn't scared.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a hideous dinosaur with fires coming out of its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the church.  The dinosaur gave me some snows.  The dinosaur began to shake, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful man with metal triangles on its toes.  The man started growing much larger.  The man began to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a huge scarecrow with spikes on its mouth.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The monster whispered "That sucks"  The monster began to shoot me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the dining hall.  A dog showed up and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cats are in the pen" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with logs sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the glass square" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat wildly shrinking in height.  The dinosaur gave me some dogs.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a futuristic bed, and I began to crumble.  The bed suddenly began to sing to me.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I saw a enormous man with metal squares sticking out of its toes.  The man whispered "The snows are in the phone"  The bed suddenly ran to a basement of a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with pencils sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a dog began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a beach, with a director of the church carefully shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the church.  The director of the church continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with mice sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  I saw a pale statue with bumps on its feet.  The statue ran to a beach.  The statue began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so pale?"  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with lavas all over its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the church.  A dog appeared and said "The spikes are in the bump"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

A man came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The man began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a beach.  The man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The man began to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster appeared and began to smack me.  The monster went to a dining hall.  The monster began to shoot me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with fires on its toes.  The person who looked just like me said "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the basement of a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small monster with fires all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur carefully melting.  The dinosaur showed me several logs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dorm.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The tin man began to shoot me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly said "Why are you so small?"  A dog showed up and started shrinking in height.  The dog began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a teacher sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried thinking this would help.  The monster whispered "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a blue person who looked just like me with spikes sticking out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me walked to a house.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  A man appeared and showed me several ices.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some cars at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with logs all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the beach.  I saw a obscure cat with lavas coming out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the beach.  The person who looked just like me melted into nothingness.  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with fruit coming out of its legs.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "This is a little pleasant"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt strangely terrified.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the bed.  I saw a towering manager of the church with lavas on its tongue.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The church suddenly gave me some cars.  The church suddenly began to grab me, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the dining hall.  The cat began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a basement of a island, but it's a very strange island with bugs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the island.  The island suddenly gave me some cats.  A cat appeared and began to grow much larger.  The cat started melting.  The island suddenly stated "That sucks"  The island suddenly showed me several bags, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a graceful bed, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the bed.  I saw a towering scarecrow with fires coming out of its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the bed.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of pens.  The scarecrow gave me some pencils.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little green" thinking this would help.  A dog came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bugs.  The dog began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a man quickly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the house.  A dinosaur showed up and began to melt.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "This is a little towering"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a man walked to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the beach.  The man began to melt.  I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with phones coming out of its face.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure tin man with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man started growing much larger.  The tin man began to slap me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur started crumbling.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the dining hall.  The airport suddenly ran to a bed.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog quickly melting.  The dog began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so huge?"  

My family and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange basement of a airport on top of a dorm.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly went to a basement of a bed.  I saw a blue monster with mice all over its face.  The monster began to grab me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive statue with cars all over its legs.  The statue shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The phones are in the bag"  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a airport when all of a sudden a tin man began to melt.  The tin man began to smack me.  The tin man whispered "You must look inside"  I saw a enormous manager of the airport with bumps all over its mouth.  The manager of the airport ran to a church.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike airport, and I shouted "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried thinking this would help.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The airport suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with cars on its legs.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque man with spikes coming out of its feet.  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The tin man showed me several snows.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic statue with ices coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some phones at me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man wildly shaking.  The tin man showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?" thinking this would help.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a blue basement of a dining hall, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the basement of a dining hall.  A man appeared and began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the basement of a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the dining hall.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The house suddenly stated "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red monster with dogs coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly walked to a basement of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a tiny basement of a house, and I stated "I want to shake"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the house.  The basement of a house suddenly began to shoot me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the basement of a house.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the house, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and began to grow much larger.  The tin man stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious for some reason.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with insects everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the beach.  A cat showed up and walked to a house.  The cat started to spit out lots of fires.  The cat began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue monster with bags coming out of its mouth.  The monster started melting.  The monster began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a dorm.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the basement of a dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a large dog with logs all over its tongue.  The dog shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a statue began to slap me.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The statue began to throw some bags at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't scared.  The statue started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The statue began to throw some bumps at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified, and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the spike" thinking this would help.  The dog gave me some cars.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a small classroom, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the classroom.  A cat appeared and walked to a basement of a airport.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and began to crumble.  The dog stated "Why are you so childlike?"  The dog began to kick me, but I threw some logs at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The beach suddenly said "Why are you so grotesque?"  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The teacher began to throw some photos at me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat red", and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The man began to shoot me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A man showed up and walked to a dining hall.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The man began to throw some bags at me.  I saw a obscure leader of the dining hall with metal triangles coming out of its legs.  The man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The man began to throw some snows at me, but I shot it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and began to melt.  The tin man whispered "That sucks"  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  The tin man began to slap me.  The basement of a bed suddenly started crumbling.  The tin man crumbled into thin air.  

A teacher showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  The teacher stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green outside the house.  The teacher started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and said "You must look inside"  The man began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue wildly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  I saw a graceful dinosaur with bugs all over its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with logs everywhere.  The classroom suddenly said "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the classroom.  A dog appeared and started crumbling.  The dog began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The dog started to spit out lots of bumps.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat appeared and began to yell at me.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The cat started melting.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Why are you so massive?"  A leader of the dining hall came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the dining hall.  The leader of the dining hall shouted "The snows are in the insect"  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The monster began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The monster began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The monster melted into nothingness.  

A man came out of nowhere and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The man began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher carefully crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the island.  A cat came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" for some reason.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge monster with glass triangles on its legs.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dorm.  The monster began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to grab me.  The dog started to spit out lots of fires.  The dog began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright scarecrow with spikes sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a dog gave me some cats.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dog began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I went to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the classroom.  The dog began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with lavas everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the house.  A tin man showed up and started melting.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The house suddenly stated "Why are you so massive?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with pencils coming out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the house.  A teacher appeared and began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me drove to a beach.  The classroom suddenly went to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to crumble.  The beach suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly whispered "The fires are in the glass square"  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a enormous dorm, and I stated "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the dorm.  A man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The mice are in the bug"  

A statue showed up and gave me some cars.  The statue began to grab me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the bed.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" for some reason.  I saw a bright cat with lavas sticking out of its back.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The bumps are in the glass square"  

I saw a green dog with bags on its legs.  The dog began to jump over me.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a scarecrow quickly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The dog walked to a beach.  The scarecrow crumbled into the ground.  

A statue appeared and began to jump over me.  The statue began to shrink in height.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  The statue began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue grew much larger into nothingness.  

A statue showed up and started to spit out lots of fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster slowly shrinking in height.  The statue began to crumble.  A dinosaur showed up and drove to a house.  The statue began to melt.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster appeared and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red cat with bags sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The cat started shaking.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the airport.  A monster showed up and started melting.  The airport suddenly showed me several photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and started crumbling.  The dog started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The dog started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a monster began to stand on me.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The monster gave me some cars.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a beach.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The basement of a beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a tiny beach, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a teacher began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly drove to a house.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man quickly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the church.  The church suddenly stated "The phones are in the fruit"  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with ices everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a massive scarecrow with photos on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?" for some reason.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bags.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt slightly relaxed.  The scarecrow said "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge cat with fires coming out of its face.  The cat began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something terrible.  The cat began to throw some metal squares at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the cat"  The beach suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I was shrinking in height in a futuristic airport, and I wasn't afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the bed.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The bed suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The bed suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a teacher shouted "You must look inside"  The basement of a house suddenly showed me several insects.  The teacher began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  A dog came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of glass squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The dog began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a leader of the bed started growing much larger.  The leader of the bed began to smack me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the bed.  I saw a red tin man with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The leader of the bed began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with phones on its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I punched it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur ran to a basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the classroom.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a teacher began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely childlike" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to yell at me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me quickly melting.  The house suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with glass triangles everywhere.  The house suddenly walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly went to a dorm.  I saw a tiny monster with lavas all over its toes.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  The monster began to kick me, but I yelled at it "This is very futuristic"  The monster crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a huge teacher with pencils on its arms.  The teacher began to slap me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The teacher stated "Why are you so huge?"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with bumps sticking out of its face.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

A cat showed up and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had accomplished something great thinking this would help.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dorm.  I saw a small manager of the dorm with wooden triangles sticking out of its back.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the dorm.  The manager of the dorm melted into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the house.  I saw a red dinosaur with fruit sticking out of its face.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The house suddenly said "Why are you so red?"  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and started melting.  The cat drove to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the dorm.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the dining hall.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The cat crumbled into the ground.  

I was crumbling in a blue house, and I stated "I want to melt"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a massive cat with pens on its toes.  The house suddenly began to yell at me.  The cat began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant dog with fires sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man slowly crumbling.  The tin man walked to a basement of a dorm.  A scarecrow appeared and gave me some photos.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful teacher with fires all over its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The teacher drove to a beach.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "The cats are in the fire"  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and gave me some snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The beach suddenly said "Why are you so huge?"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a childlike statue with wooden triangles coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and shouted "The phones are in the fire"  The man went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the airport.  The man began to shrink in height.  The man began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to punch me, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque statue with snows sticking out of its legs.  The statue started to spit out lots of cats.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The statue began to smack me, but I threw some mice at it and ran away.  A teacher appeared and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The house suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shaking in a grotesque island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and gave me some phones.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the island.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the dorm.  The classroom suddenly went to a house.  I saw a obscure statue with snows all over its toes.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous dog with logs all over its tongue.  The dog began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dog began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I shouted "That sucks"  The dog began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I saw a obscure tin man with dogs coming out of its toes.  The tin man showed me several fruit.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a cat began to throw some wooden triangles at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly showed me several cats.  I saw a towering scarecrow with fires all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The cat began to throw some snows at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and stated "The logs are in the snow"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried for some reason.  The cat said "The phones are in the spike"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The cat began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is extremely bright" for some reason.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and went to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  A tin man came out of nowhere and showed me several metal triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque cat with glass squares sticking out of its mouth.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat showed me several bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike tin man with cats coming out of its eyes.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The tin man gave me some ices.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red teacher with bumps all over its tongue.  The teacher began to slap me.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to melt.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A dog showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the church.  The dog showed me several spikes.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and began to crumble.  The statue began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The statue stated "You must look inside"  I don't know why, but I ran to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly said "Why are you so hideous?"  The statue gave me some logs.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The cats are in the snow"  

A dog came out of nowhere and sprinted to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dog started to spit out lots of spikes.  A tin man appeared and started to spit out lots of cats.  The beach suddenly showed me several pencils.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the airport, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a bright house, and I began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly began to shake.  The house suddenly began to shoot me.  A dog appeared and walked to a basement of a basement of a basement of a airport.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some bags at me.  The basement of a airport suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly started melting.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and began to melt.  The statue showed me several phones.  The statue started shrinking in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the house.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me ran to a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt a little content.  The person who looked just like me said "The lavas are in the ice"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some phones at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I drove to a beach.  The dog started melting.  A monster appeared and showed me several insects.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dog began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The beach suddenly went to a airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant dog with fires all over its legs.  The dog began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to shoot me.  The scarecrow showed me several fires.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  A manager of the dorm appeared and began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The monster began to crumble.  The monster shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with cars on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a airport.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to grab me.  The dinosaur gave me some fruit.  The airport suddenly showed me several phones.  The dinosaur crumbled into the ground.  

I was melting in a blue beach, and I shouted "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to smack me, and I smiled.  

I saw a green tin man with insects sticking out of its legs.  The tin man began to melt.  The tin man began to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike dog with bugs on its arms.  The dog began to sing to me.  The dog began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a tin man quickly shaking.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I saw a huge man with lavas sticking out of its face.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The tin man went to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a small beach, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The beach suddenly showed me several lavas.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the ice" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with wooden squares sticking out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The person who looked just like me said "The photos are in the glass triangle"  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

I was shaking in a tiny airport, and I wasn't worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the airport.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a basement of a church.  The church suddenly stated "The dogs are in the cat"  The basement of a church suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a leader of the bed started shrinking in height.  The leader of the bed began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The leader of the bed stated "Hey man, it happens"  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the bed.  The leader of the bed started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur walked to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the house.  The house suddenly began to shake.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The beach suddenly began to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I saw a bright dog with glass squares coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The dog began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and walked to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the pencil" for some reason.  I saw a large tin man with spikes sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a director of the bed began to smack me.  The director of the bed began to slap me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the bed.  I saw a small monster with fires sticking out of its eyes.  The director of the bed said "Why are you so obscure?"  The bed suddenly began to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a red dining hall, and I whispered "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly gave me some pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A director of the dining hall appeared and began to grow much larger.  The director of the dining hall began to smack me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and began to yell at me.  The statue began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  I saw a bright scarecrow with wooden triangles all over its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with snows all over its face.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow began to throw some bags at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the island.  A teacher appeared and began to jump over me.  The teacher began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I threw some ices at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous cat with ices coming out of its face.  The cat began to shrink in height.  The cat sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The dog began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dog shrunk in height into the ground.  

A teacher showed up and stated "Why are you so graceful?"  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The teacher ran to a bed.  The teacher grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a grotesque teacher with dogs sticking out of its back.  The teacher began to kick me.  The teacher gave me some snows.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't worried.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  I saw a childlike man with fruit sticking out of its arms.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  The teacher began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a dog started crumbling.  The dog showed me several photos.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I felt strangely angry.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a pleasant statue with mice all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a teacher began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the beach.  I saw a hideous manager of the beach with phones coming out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with bags everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the bed.  I saw a blue monster with pencils coming out of its feet.  The monster gave me some phones.  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright cat with lavas on its tongue.  The cat began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I ran to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The cat started to spit out lots of phones.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering teacher with fires all over its legs.  The teacher began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and gave me some bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dinosaur gave me some lavas.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a hideous classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a director of the classroom slowly melting.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  The director of the classroom gave me some photos.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The dog walked to a bed.  The scene changed to a airport, with a scarecrow carefully shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  I saw a large teacher with cats coming out of its eyes.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly shouted "Why are you so large?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue tin man with cars on its tongue.  The tin man started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the dining hall.  A person who looked just like me appeared and shouted "The dogs are in the snow"  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me ran to a airport.  The tin man shook into thin air.  

A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something terrible.  The scarecrow stated "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt strangely relaxed.  The scarecrow gave me some metal triangles.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a bright man with dogs sticking out of its back.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The man began to sing to me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The man said "That sucks"  The dinosaur started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me ran to a church.  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the bed.  I saw a futuristic dog with pencils all over its feet.  The church suddenly gave me some fruit.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the church.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a enormous statue with ices sticking out of its feet.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The statue began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large cat with phones sticking out of its tongue.  The cat began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The cat sprinted to a beach.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  The beach suddenly gave me some pencils.  I saw a red dinosaur with logs sticking out of its back.  The cat began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to punch me.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  The church suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur sprinted to a church.  The dinosaur whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to shake.  I saw a small statue with phones on its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the dorm.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and walked to a dining hall.  The cat began to yell at me.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a island.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The cat began to throw some insects at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with snows sticking out of its back.  The island suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly gave me some photos.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

A person who looked just like me showed up and said "The dogs are in the log"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me walked to a classroom.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some cats at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  A cat appeared and started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

I saw a blue man with phones sticking out of its back.  The man gave me some logs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little hideous" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the bed.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with spikes everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the bed.  I saw a childlike dinosaur with bugs all over its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the log" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a monster started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the beach.  The monster started to spit out lots of fires.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a classroom.  The beach suddenly ran to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The dogs are in the bug"  

A monster came out of nowhere and walked to a airport.  The monster started melting.  The monster began to yell at me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the ice"  The monster began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The monster began to melt.  The classroom suddenly showed me several lavas.  The monster shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a huge teacher with glass triangles coming out of its face.  The teacher began to shake.  The teacher gave me some pencils.  The teacher melted into nothingness.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The tin man whispered "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being worried.  The tin man began to smack me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat futuristic"  The tin man said "The spikes are in the metal square"  The tin man shrunk in height into thin air.  

A man showed up and showed me several logs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The man began to shrink in height.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and showed me several snows.  The tin man began to melt.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange basement of a bed with pencils everywhere.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to melt.  I saw a bright statue with spikes all over its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the classroom.  The basement of a bed suddenly showed me several dogs.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque tin man with metal squares all over its feet.  The tin man began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and sprinted to a church.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely graceful"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The scarecrow whispered "Why are you so graceful?"  The scarecrow showed me several dogs.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The cars are in the bump"  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a cat shouted "That sucks"  The airport suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The cat started melting.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a classroom.  The cat showed me several insects.  The beach suddenly stated "The bugs are in the mouse"  The cat began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to grab me, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The teacher ran to a house.  The teacher drove to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt a little anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to melt.  The teacher began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the bed.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a green cat with snows all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The cat started melting.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red dinosaur with metal squares on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely childlike" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt very anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is somewhat futuristic" thinking this would help.  I saw a bright scarecrow with cars on its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The insects are in the pen"  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with logs on its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I threw some wooden squares at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque bed, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  A dinosaur showed up and started crumbling.  The dinosaur showed me several spikes.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur sprinted to a house, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny man with pencils coming out of its mouth.  The man started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The man said "You must look inside"  The man said "The mice are in the fruit", and I smiled.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with spikes coming out of its arms.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man quickly shrinking in height.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  A teacher appeared and gave me some phones.  The dinosaur whispered "That sucks"  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and shouted "That sucks"  The man began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is somewhat childlike" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher carefully melting.  The man began to grow much larger.  I saw a blue scarecrow with phones on its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The fruit are in the bug"  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with bumps everywhere.  The island suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the island.  I saw a futuristic monster with snows on its feet.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to melt" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The fires are in the mouse"  

A dinosaur showed up and started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dinosaur showed me several logs.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque man with cars sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The man began to melt.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster carefully crumbling.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  I saw a futuristic cat with fires on its legs.  The monster began to throw some dogs at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The photos are in the bump"  

I saw a tiny teacher with fires all over its face.  The teacher went to a basement of a basement of a house.  The house suddenly whispered "The glass squares are in the photo"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man wildly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the basement of a basement of a house.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with pens everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the island.  A monster showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the island.  The island suddenly said "Why are you so enormous?"  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a large airport, and I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the lava"  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the airport.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright cat with pencils sticking out of its mouth.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I saw a blue scarecrow with bumps on its tongue.  The beach suddenly whispered "The cars are in the bump"  The cat began to throw some snows at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny dog with lavas all over its toes.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so huge?"  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  The dog began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a leader of the island drove to a basement of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The leader of the island started crumbling.  A dinosaur showed up and walked to a dorm.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dinosaur sprinted to a bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive man with fruit on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The man showed me several cars.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous monster with pencils coming out of its tongue.  The monster said "The glass squares are in the insect"  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly showed me several bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the dorm.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and drove to a dorm.  The man started to spit out lots of lavas.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with metal squares everywhere.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and began to shrink in height.  The dog began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a island, and I felt slightly worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly began to shake.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of logs, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dinosaur went to a basement of a beach.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a director of the basement of a beach slowly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the insect" thinking this would help.  The director of the basement of a beach ran to a dorm, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow went to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the dorm.  I saw a futuristic dinosaur with pens coming out of its legs.  The bed suddenly drove to a basement of a church.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of photos.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

A monster appeared and began to crumble.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The monster began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me wildly crumbling.  The bed suddenly showed me several pencils.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the bed.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a green basement of a church, and I stopped being concerned.  The basement of a church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I saw a small statue with insects coming out of its legs.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly gave me some fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and started shaking.  The dinosaur started melting.  The dinosaur walked to a church.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange house on top of a basement of a dorm.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a grotesque tin man with insects coming out of its back.  The tin man began to throw some fruit at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous thinking this would help.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me sprinted to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the car" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The beach suddenly went to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike statue with ices sticking out of its tongue.  The statue began to kick me.  The statue began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with spikes sticking out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me said "The pens are in the fruit"  The dining hall suddenly began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and started growing much larger.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some fires at me.  The teacher began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque bed, and I wasn't afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is somewhat green" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a man wildly melting.  The bed suddenly began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the classroom.  The bed suddenly began to kick me, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque dog with bumps on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the metal square" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the dorm.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large scarecrow with dogs all over its back.  The scarecrow began to throw some mice at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The scarecrow crumbled into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur showed me several pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the airport.  The dinosaur gave me some insects.  I saw a enormous monster with bumps all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large teacher with cats coming out of its eyes.  The teacher said "You must look inside"  The teacher said "Why are you so large?"  I don't know why, but I went to a airport.  The airport suddenly gave me some bags.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the house.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  A tin man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the dog" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the house, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a childlike dorm, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the dorm.  A dog showed up and started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and started growing much larger.  The cat began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The cat began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me carefully shaking.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some cars.  A teacher showed up and stated "Why are you so small?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a blue airport, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?"  The airport suddenly showed me several cars.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the airport.  A man came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The phones are in the bag"  

A man showed up and walked to a dining hall.  The man began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The cat began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with glass triangles sticking out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me showed me several insects.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue teacher with dogs coming out of its eyes.  The teacher walked to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The teacher drove to a island.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I was melting in a tiny classroom, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?"  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  A statue appeared and drove to a island.  The statue began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cats are in the snow" thinking this would help.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale statue with bumps coming out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely grotesque" for some reason.  The statue shouted "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't concerned.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge statue with pencils all over its toes.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The statue started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "The photos are in the pen"  The airport suddenly walked to a island.  The statue began to take a photo of me.  The statue whispered "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a large dog with wooden squares all over its back.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dog shook into the ground.  

I saw a towering man with logs sticking out of its toes.  The man started shaking.  The man began to melt.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me wildly growing much larger.  The church suddenly gave me some pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a graceful teacher with phones all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The teacher began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a small island, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a large island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly walked to a classroom.  The island suddenly began to yell at me.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started to spit out lots of pens.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me showed me several dogs.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into nothingness.  

I was shrinking in height in a tiny dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the dorm.  A teacher came out of nowhere and walked to a beach.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

A dog showed up and gave me some glass triangles.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dog began to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to shrink in height.  The dog started shrinking in height.  I saw a tiny monster with bumps sticking out of its back.  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous teacher with mice all over its tongue.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The teacher ran to a bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and began to punch me.  The dog walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the house.  The dog began to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The logs are in the cat"  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with phones everywhere.  The dorm suddenly showed me several photos.  The dorm suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and began to slap me.  The dog began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The dog showed me several mice.  The dog whispered "That sucks", and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the classroom.  The house suddenly gave me some photos.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with insects everywhere.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the church.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue slowly melting.  The church suddenly ran to a basement of a beach.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The bumps are in the spike"  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with bugs everywhere.  The house suddenly said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I saw a pale statue with insects sticking out of its face.  The statue began to kick me, but I yelled at it "This is very grotesque"  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to throw some fires at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the island.  The island suddenly showed me several photos.  A dog came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to shake.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The dinosaur melted into thin air.  

A dog appeared and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fires are in the fire" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a man wildly shrinking in height.  The dog shouted "That sucks"  I saw a large person who looked just like me with photos sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly said "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so large?"  

I saw a graceful statue with bags all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The statue showed me several ices.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright man with cars all over its face.  The man said "The metal squares are in the insect"  The man drove to a island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I wasn't worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the island.  The man began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with dogs everywhere.  The island suddenly drove to a house.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  A tin man appeared and started shaking.  The island suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something helpful.  The tin man began to throw some fires at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with insects on its back.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little anxious thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a enormous dorm, and I wasn't happy about it.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and began to melt.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  The tin man said "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why, but I went to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  The tin man began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The tin man began to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

I saw a large man with dogs coming out of its tongue.  The man began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the log" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I said "Hello?"  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  A dog came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The dog began to melt.  The dog went to a island.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small scarecrow with dogs sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat red"  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher appeared and started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being worried.  The teacher began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with logs coming out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass squares at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of spikes.  The person who looked just like me walked to a house.  The person who looked just like me melted into the ground.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The teacher began to crumble.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dog carefully crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the bed.  I saw a bright scarecrow with pens on its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the bed.  The dog began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a massive airport, and I shouted "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque teacher with bumps coming out of its tongue.  The teacher showed me several pencils.  The teacher sprinted to a classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The teacher gave me some fruit.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  The teacher shook into thin air.  

I was melting in a tiny island, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  I saw a pale monster with photos all over its back.  The monster began to stand on me.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The monster shook into nothingness.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with cars all over its eyes.  The dinosaur began to throw some lavas at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of bumps.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a bed.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The bed suddenly began to yell at me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a childlike basement of a dining hall, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry for some reason.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the basement of a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a pleasant island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The island suddenly started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the photo" for some reason.  The scarecrow shouted "Why are you so pleasant?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the island, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher started shaking.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "The glass triangles are in the cat"  The teacher began to smack me.  The classroom suddenly drove to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small man with phones on its tongue.  The man began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the basement of a classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The snows are in the bump"  

I saw a massive dog with bumps coming out of its eyes.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a man absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure dining hall, and I wasn't scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?" for some reason.  I saw a towering statue with cats all over its face.  The statue started crumbling.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some insects at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a graceful basement of a beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?"  The basement of a beach suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the beach.  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with bumps all over its face.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The basement of a beach suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me crumbled into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the bed.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and said "The pencils are in the lava"  The classroom suddenly went to a dorm.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so green?"  

A tin man showed up and began to jump over me.  The tin man began to crumble.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me quickly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the house.  A director of the house showed up and went to a dining hall.  The director of the house whispered "The fruit are in the pen"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the dining hall.  The director of the house continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous dog with dogs on its arms.  The dog began to throw some cats at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious for some reason.  The cat began to throw some cars at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the beach.  A man appeared and shouted "Why are you so towering?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The man gave me some fires.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to smack me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dinosaur gave me some bugs.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  The dinosaur began to throw some mice at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I saw a large statue with spikes sticking out of its back.  The statue began to yell at me, but I threw some phones at it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to throw some cars at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The airport suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  A man appeared and began to shoot me.  The man started to spit out lots of snows.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and gave me some mice.  The man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The man began to grow much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The man began to stand on me.  A cat came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the dining hall.  The man said "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a obscure dining hall, and I began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a bed.  The dining hall suddenly began to kick me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  The dining hall suddenly went to a basement of a dorm, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with logs everywhere.  The classroom suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The beach suddenly showed me several glass squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little obscure" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dinosaur started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The statue said "The insects are in the fire"  The statue began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to grab me.  The dinosaur ran to a house.  The house suddenly began to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and walked to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Why are you so grotesque?"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I saw a green cat with cars sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The cat began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the island.  The cat began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The cat shook into thin air.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the bed.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The tin man stated "That sucks"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and showed me several phones.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The teacher sprinted to a dorm.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat quickly melting.  The cat began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  A director of the airport appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat gave me some insects.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the dorm.  The director of the airport continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with pens on its tongue.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of dogs.  The dinosaur began to throw some metal triangles at me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the log"  The dog started crumbling.  The dorm suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous cat with ices all over its eyes.  The cat sprinted to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the airport.  The cat grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with photos on its back.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so grotesque?"  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with dogs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure dog with snows all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The dog began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue carefully shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly ran to a bed.  The dog shook into nothingness.  

A tin man appeared and showed me several fires.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't afraid.  The tin man began to yell at me.  The airport suddenly drove to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with pens sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me walked to a beach.  The scene changed to a house, with a teacher carefully shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the beach.  I saw a futuristic monster with cats all over its toes.  The monster began to melt.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with pens everywhere.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  The church suddenly started shaking.  I saw a massive dinosaur with fruit sticking out of its arms.  The cat gave me some wooden triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I was crumbling in a enormous dorm, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I wasn't happy about it.  The island suddenly went to a bed.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow showed me several bags.  The scarecrow showed me several mice.  The scarecrow whispered "The glass triangles are in the phone", and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a green house, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the pen" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green statue with fires on its toes.  The statue began to shake.  The statue began to grab me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The statue began to throw some glass squares at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The house suddenly began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog showed me several insects.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dog went to a dining hall.  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The man began to yell at me.  The man stated "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The photos are in the cat"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "That sucks"  A scarecrow appeared and began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

I saw a huge dog with bumps coming out of its tongue.  The dog began to sing to me.  The dog began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The dog started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I saw a green dinosaur with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I saw a large man with cars coming out of its toes.  The airport suddenly shouted "Why are you so green?"  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and started melting.  The tin man began to yell at me.  The scarecrow began to throw some insects at me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something great.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous tin man with snows coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to sing to me.  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a person who looked just like me slowly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and showed me several logs.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of lavas.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I was shrinking in height in a enormous classroom, and I began to melt.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The beach suddenly said "You must look inside"  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and ran to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful cat with bumps all over its face.  The cat showed me several cats.  The cat shouted "You must look inside"  The cat began to yell at me, but I threw some bags at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a statue began to punch me.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  The statue ran to a classroom.  A scarecrow showed up and stated "The cars are in the fruit"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the classroom.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so grotesque?"  

I saw a blue statue with lavas on its toes.  The statue started to spit out lots of ices.  The statue began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I don't know why, but I drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had done something great thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the church.  The church suddenly stated "That sucks"  I saw a red monster with dogs on its tongue.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The bugs are in the bump"  

I saw a large man with cats on its back.  The man showed me several snows.  The man started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering cat with pencils coming out of its tongue.  The cat began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The cat started to spit out lots of bugs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I shouted "That sucks"  The cat sprinted to a airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several cats.  The cat went to a house, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and showed me several insects.  The statue began to throw some ices at me.  The statue began to throw some photos at me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something great.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a island, with a tin man slowly shaking.  The basement of a island suddenly began to grab me.  A cat showed up and gave me some mice.  The basement of a island suddenly began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic cat with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  The cat walked to a bed.  The cat gave me some cars.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The cat shouted "The glass squares are in the glass triangle"  The cat gave me some fires.  The bed suddenly showed me several logs, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man sprinted to a airport.  The man began to punch me.  The man whispered "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The man began to throw some lavas at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red teacher with cats sticking out of its eyes.  The teacher began to smack me.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  A statue showed up and began to stand on me.  The statue ran to a bed.  The teacher gave me some phones.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was crumbling in a towering bed, and I stated "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The island suddenly walked to a church.  The island suddenly showed me several pencils.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a man stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the church.  The man began to melt.  I saw a obscure cat with phones coming out of its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the church.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The statue began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a church.  The statue began to throw some wooden squares at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue statue with metal triangles sticking out of its face.  The statue began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so blue?"  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with photos everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a bright leader of the dorm with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  The leader of the dorm began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The dorm suddenly began to melt, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale man with snows coming out of its feet.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man began to grow much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the house.  A scarecrow showed up and said "The ices are in the car"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and gave me some glass triangles.  The scarecrow began to throw some bugs at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to throw some photos at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  The scarecrow started melting.  I saw a childlike dinosaur with insects coming out of its feet.  The airport suddenly showed me several pens.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with snows all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me drove to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "The insects are in the pen"  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The bumps are in the mouse"  

I saw a huge scarecrow with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The scene changed to a beach, with a director of the beach slowly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry for some reason.  I saw a pale dog with lavas on its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the beach.  The dog said "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and began to stand on me.  The statue began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and started to spit out lots of mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  The dog began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely huge"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to sing to me.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster showed up and began to shrink in height.  The monster stated "That sucks"  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a small island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the island.  The island suddenly went to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow carefully melting.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dog slowly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A tin man showed up and began to crumble.  The tin man walked to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I shouted "I want to shake"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the island.  The tin man began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous dog with pencils all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dog began to jump over me.  I saw a pale statue with fires coming out of its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the basement of a island.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and went to a island.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The teacher crumbled into nothingness.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and ran to a house.  The tin man drove to a basement of a beach.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man shrunk in height into the ground.  

A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The cat started melting.  The dorm suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and showed me several bumps.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I saw a childlike cat with fires on its mouth.  The cat drove to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The metal triangles are in the lava" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  The cat started crumbling.  The cat ran to a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green dog with metal squares on its face.  The dog showed me several lavas.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so pale?"  

I saw a green tin man with mice coming out of its toes.  The tin man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a beach.  The tin man showed me several pens.  The tin man started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I was melting in a blue island, and I shouted "This is a little tiny"  The island suddenly began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the island.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur wildly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so blue?"  

I saw a childlike man with photos on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The man stated "The insects are in the bump"  The scene changed to a island, with a scarecrow slowly crumbling.  The scarecrow began to shake.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started growing much larger.  The man gave me some phones.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so large?"  

I was melting in a green beach, and I stopped being concerned.  The beach suddenly went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The beach suddenly began to shoot me.  The house suddenly said "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and began to punch me.  The tin man started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The cat began to kick me, but I screamed at it "This is a little pleasant"  A man appeared and said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The cat began to throw some bumps at me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and gave me some cars.  The cat whispered "You must look inside"  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a basement of a house.  The cat went to a airport.  I saw a futuristic dog with mice sticking out of its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the basement of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The dog shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a green statue with fruit on its eyes.  The statue whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a church when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me ran to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  I saw a red scarecrow with phones on its eyes.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I screamed at it "This is a little obscure"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the church.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

A cat appeared and showed me several photos.  The cat began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a church.  The cat began to take a photo of me.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the church, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to throw some logs at me.  The monster began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The monster began to throw some cats at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a bed, with a manager of the bed absent-mindedly shaking.  The manager of the bed gave me some metal squares.  The monster began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red man with mice on its back.  The man began to smack me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The man began to melt.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The teacher began to throw some lavas at me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  A dinosaur showed up and began to shoot me.  The man started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a futuristic tin man with fruit on its arms.  The tin man began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The tin man began to take a photo of me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a island.  The tin man began to throw some fires at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man gave me some dogs.  The island suddenly began to crumble, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a green manager of the church with dogs coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the church saying "The phones are in the pencil"  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the church.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the insect" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with ices everywhere.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the church.  I saw a hideous teacher with cars all over its mouth.  The church suddenly began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the church.  The teacher whispered "The bugs are in the lava", and I smiled.  

I was melting in a massive church, and I wasn't afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I saw a pale dinosaur with mice on its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the church.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with spikes sticking out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some phones at me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A man appeared and walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly gave me some photos.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

A teacher showed up and started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The teacher whispered "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with fires sticking out of its arms.  The dinosaur began to stand on me.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of mice.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with insects coming out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur shouted "You must look inside"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly went to a classroom.  The dinosaur said "That sucks"  The dinosaur whispered "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The monster began to grab me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I saw a pleasant teacher with fruit on its tongue.  The monster began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A monster appeared and started shrinking in height.  The monster began to slap me.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat slowly melting.  The cat began to grab me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The dog gave me some cars.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a manager of the classroom started to spit out lots of cars.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the classroom.  The manager of the classroom began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I saw a futuristic tin man with pens on its arms.  The manager of the classroom began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant dog with pens coming out of its feet.  The dog began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dog started to spit out lots of bags.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the dining hall.  A man showed up and stated "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The monster began to throw some cars at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The monster began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a dinosaur quickly shaking.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The basement of a island suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue statue with wooden squares sticking out of its toes.  The statue began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "This is a little green"  The statue started to spit out lots of cars.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I saw a graceful dog with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The statue said "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly ran to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with spikes all over its arms.  The dinosaur ran to a airport.  The dinosaur began to grab me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the classroom.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a statue gave me some snows.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the beach.  The statue started melting.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the beach.  The statue started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a blue monster with cars sticking out of its toes.  The monster said "The phones are in the log"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little green" for some reason.  The scene changed to a house, with a scarecrow wildly melting.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The scarecrow said "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny monster with spikes sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the island.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The island suddenly began to stand on me.  The teacher began to throw some bumps at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something great.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike man with pens coming out of its arms.  The man ran to a island.  The man began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The man began to melt.  The airport suddenly started melting.  The island suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a childlike airport, and I said "This is very hideous"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The airport suddenly showed me several insects.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a pleasant beach, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque basement of a basement of a airport, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the bug" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the basement of a airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the basement of a basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the basement of a airport, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and gave me some dogs.  The cat started to spit out lots of cars.  The cat gave me some bumps.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a bed.  The cat began to grow much larger.  A person who looked just like me appeared and went to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me stated "The metal triangles are in the fire"  The bed suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with photos everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a pale bed, and I whispered "I want to melt"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass squares are in the mouse" for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a cat wildly growing much larger.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The cat sprinted to a airport.  The cat crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with wooden squares all over its back.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with metal squares all over its tongue.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The scarecrow shook into the ground.  

I saw a red monster with ices sticking out of its tongue.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The monster started crumbling.  I don't know why, but I ran to a church.  The church suddenly began to punch me.  I saw a futuristic scarecrow with snows sticking out of its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the church.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass squares at me.  The scarecrow started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dinosaur whispered "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man absent-mindedly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The person who looked just like me shouted "That sucks"  I saw a pleasant monster with lavas all over its face.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The monster said "Why are you so pleasant?"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The cars are in the insect"  

A teacher showed up and started melting.  The teacher sprinted to a classroom.  The teacher began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and began to grow much larger.  The dog walked to a house.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man wildly crumbling.  The airport suddenly ran to a island.  A cat came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the house.  The cat melted into the ground.  

I saw a massive man with wooden triangles all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The teacher started to spit out lots of snows.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with lavas sticking out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  A tin man appeared and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with lavas everywhere.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly went to a dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The church suddenly stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scarecrow said "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a cat showed me several glass squares.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The cat started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the dorm.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  The bed suddenly began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red monster with phones sticking out of its face.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some wooden squares at me.  The monster gave me some snows.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a bed.  The monster began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I said "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some logs at me.  The dinosaur began to shake.  The dinosaur melted into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a graceful airport, and I began to crumble.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  The airport suddenly gave me some logs.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a man slowly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The man began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dorm suddenly stated "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a bright scarecrow with bumps all over its back.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some pens at me.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The cats are in the dog"  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange basement of a dorm on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly went to a beach.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the dining hall.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A monster appeared and showed me several cats.  The monster started melting.  The monster began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being afraid.  The monster sprinted to a dorm.  The monster began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The lavas are in the bug"  

I was melting in a large house, and I stopped being scared.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The house suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little huge" for some reason.  The island suddenly shouted "Why are you so large?"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a statue gave me some phones.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some cars at me.  The statue began to crumble.  I saw a childlike dog with snows on its arms.  The dog sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I was growing much larger in a pale dorm, and I stopped being happy about it.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  The classroom suddenly showed me several fires.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bags everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the church.  I saw a huge scarecrow with cats coming out of its mouth.  The scarecrow sprinted to a dorm.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly stated "The lavas are in the dog"  I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with bumps sticking out of its back.  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and ran to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The bed suddenly began to yell at me.  The man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A monster showed up and drove to a church.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The monster began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the church, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny tin man with phones all over its tongue.  The tin man started to spit out lots of mice.  The tin man started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The cat began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The cat began to throw some logs at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous tin man with bags sticking out of its face.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The tin man began to shake.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a beach.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  The basement of a beach suddenly stated "That sucks"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to throw some snows at me.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur ran to a bed.  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher carefully melting.  The airport suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The teacher shrunk in height into thin air.  

A statue appeared and walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several bumps.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and began to shrink in height.  The dog began to throw some pens at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog said "You must look inside"  The dog began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to melt.  The dog gave me some snows.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and gave me some phones.  The tin man began to throw some bugs at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the bed.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a childlike classroom, and I felt a little terrified.  The church suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The statue began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the beach.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with ices everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a tin man wildly shaking.  The tin man began to throw some wooden triangles at me.  The basement of a beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a monster drove to a basement of a dining hall.  The monster began to punch me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The beach suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The monster began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the basement of a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The person who looked just like me went to a classroom.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  The person who looked just like me showed me several logs.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The cats are in the snow"  

A statue appeared and began to crumble.  The statue ran to a airport.  The statue showed me several lavas.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and showed me several wooden triangles.  The statue began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue crumbled into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly began to throw some glass squares at me.  I saw a pale statue with spikes coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" for some reason.  The statue showed me several bugs.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a basement of a airport.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the basement of a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the island.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur wildly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the house.  The dinosaur whispered "You must look inside"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with lavas everywhere.  The church suddenly began to stand on me.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a obscure teacher with cars coming out of its legs.  The church suddenly gave me some phones.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The photos are in the dog"  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the dining hall.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being scared.  The dorm suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The cat began to punch me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The cat began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with ices sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the island.  The island suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the island, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with lavas everywhere.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a church, but it's a very strange basement of a church with fires everywhere.  The church suddenly showed me several fruit.  The basement of a church suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  A scarecrow appeared and gave me some pencils.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the basement of a church.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a beach when all of a sudden a man began to crumble.  The basement of a beach suddenly started melting.  The beach suddenly said "You must look inside"  I saw a obscure monster with insects all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The basement of a beach suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the beach.  A man showed up and began to crumble.  The man showed me several bugs.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a red house, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the house.  The house suddenly showed me several logs.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The teacher started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to shake.  The teacher gave me some wooden squares.  The teacher whispered "Why are you so obscure?"  The teacher crumbled into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the airport.  The airport suddenly walked to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a leader of the airport started shaking.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The leader of the airport ran to a dorm.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur carefully growing much larger.  The leader of the airport began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat massive"  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous monster with cats all over its mouth.  The monster sprinted to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the classroom.  A cat appeared and began to melt.  The cat began to slap me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the classroom.  The cat crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a green tin man with bugs all over its mouth.  The tin man began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The tin man stated "You must look inside"  The tin man went to a airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful dog with cars sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "Hello?"  The dog began to shake.  A dinosaur appeared and said "Why are you so graceful?"  The beach suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the beach, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and shouted "The photos are in the dog"  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with logs sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a cat quickly crumbling.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a dog began to stand on me.  The dog started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very terrified thinking this would help.  I saw a bright tin man with dogs sticking out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the bed.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The tin man started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a statue began to crumble.  The statue showed me several bumps.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being concerned.  The statue started to spit out lots of insects.  The statue started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue cat with photos sticking out of its mouth.  The cat began to slap me.  The cat started shaking.  I don't know why, but I went to a dorm.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  A teacher appeared and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The cat grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a pale person who looked just like me with spikes sticking out of its face.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I saw a blue cat with bags on its tongue.  The beach suddenly walked to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the dining hall.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a church.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  The classroom suddenly shouted "The glass squares are in the bag"  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to throw some dogs at me.  The statue began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A statue showed up and drove to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The statue began to grow much larger.  I saw a green monster with bugs sticking out of its tongue.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike statue with snows on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The statue began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The statue began to melt.  I saw a futuristic dog with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The statue began to slap me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The bed suddenly walked to a airport, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue cat with metal triangles all over its arms.  The cat started growing much larger.  The cat gave me some phones.  The scene changed to a house, with a man slowly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the house.  A dinosaur showed up and ran to a airport.  The cat began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The airport suddenly went to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and gave me some metal triangles.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I felt a little like I had done something great.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  A man showed up and sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The man whispered "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a pale beach, and I wasn't happy about it.  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  The beach suddenly began to grab me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow gave me some photos.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I saw a tiny man with metal triangles sticking out of its arms.  The scarecrow stated "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous man with bugs sticking out of its eyes.  The man began to crumble.  The man began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The man shook into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with insects everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the beach.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher slowly shaking.  The teacher shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher started to spit out lots of pencils.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The fires are in the cat"  

I saw a hideous monster with phones sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous thinking this would help.  The monster began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a scarecrow carefully melting.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the mouse" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher quickly shaking.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red tin man with bumps on its tongue.  The tin man shouted "Why are you so red?"  The tin man began to crumble.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dining hall.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The tin man began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous monster with bugs on its tongue.  The monster began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to kick me.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of glass squares.  The monster said "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange house with cars everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the basement of a house.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a director of the dining hall absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the director of the dining hall saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a monster shouted "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the church.  The monster began to grow much larger.  A cat showed up and started to spit out lots of cats.  The monster started shaking.  The cat began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a dog began to jump over me.  The dog began to grab me, but I threw some wooden squares at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  The dog began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a man drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the classroom.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  A tin man came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the beach.  The man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shaking in a pleasant airport, and I stopped being afraid.  The airport suddenly shouted "The logs are in the ice"  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with bumps coming out of its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the airport.  The person who looked just like me said "The lavas are in the fruit"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous for some reason, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  The beach suddenly gave me some fruit.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge cat with bumps coming out of its eyes.  The cat began to jump over me.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't happy about it.  The cat started shaking.  A teacher came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The cat said "That sucks"  The teacher began to kick me.  The teacher melted into the ground.  

A monster came out of nowhere and sprinted to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The monster shouted "Why are you so grotesque?"  The monster started to spit out lots of bumps.  The monster began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale monster with phones on its mouth.  The monster began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The monster started to spit out lots of fruit.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the basement of a airport.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The bugs are in the bump"  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the church.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I felt slightly angry.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with pens everywhere.  The church suddenly gave me some pencils.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the dorm.  I don't know why, but I went to a church.  The church suddenly started shaking.  The church suddenly drove to a basement of a house.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a pale classroom, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the classroom.  I saw a red tin man with fruit coming out of its mouth.  The tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a bed.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The cat began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The scene changed to a house, with a statue wildly shrinking in height.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  A director of the house appeared and sprinted to a beach.  The statue shouted "The insects are in the log"  The cat began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The director of the house continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the bed.  The house suddenly gave me some fires.  A tin man showed up and walked to a beach.  The tin man started to spit out lots of photos.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a leader of the airport began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the airport.  The leader of the airport started to spit out lots of phones.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the airport.  The beach suddenly gave me some spikes.  The leader of the airport continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat appeared and showed me several bumps.  The cat began to punch me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The cat started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The snows are in the spike"  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a monster drove to a basement of a basement of a dorm.  The monster began to punch me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the basement of a basement of a dorm.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the basement of a dorm.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant dog with snows all over its back.  The dog drove to a beach.  The dog said "Why are you so pleasant?"  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a statue slowly melting.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a classroom.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge scarecrow with spikes coming out of its face.  The scarecrow sprinted to a bed.  The scarecrow whispered "Why are you so huge?"  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a house.  The scarecrow stated "You must look inside"  I saw a small dinosaur with snows coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The house suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and showed me several phones.  The dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur went to a church.  The scene changed to a beach, with a leader of the church carefully shaking.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  A scarecrow appeared and began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the church.  The dinosaur started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with fires sticking out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and started crumbling.  The dinosaur gave me some dogs.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the dorm.  The dinosaur began to grab me.  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

A monster appeared and showed me several insects.  The monster started to spit out lots of fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  The monster began to kick me, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the church.  The bed suddenly drove to a basement of a classroom.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge tin man with metal triangles sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and began to sing to me.  The teacher began to shake.  The teacher walked to a dining hall.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a childlike dining hall, and I stated "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little anxious for some reason.  I don't know why, but I walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cats are in the car" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

A statue appeared and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A cat showed up and started melting.  The cat began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified for some reason.  The cat stated "Why are you so large?", and I smiled.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with cars sticking out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me stated "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The teacher began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  The teacher went to a basement of a beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The basement of a beach suddenly began to throw some pencils at me.  The teacher grew much larger into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with phones everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the church.  The church suddenly drove to a beach.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and showed me several insects.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The church suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur melted into nothingness.  

I saw a massive monster with cars sticking out of its legs.  The monster drove to a house.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the church.  A statue appeared and started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The monster began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and started shaking.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and gave me some spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a bed, and I heard a voice say "The mice are in the fire"  The basement of a bed suddenly started shaking.  A manager of the bed came out of nowhere and walked to a island.  The statue began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the bed.  The statue shook into the ground.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The tin man began to smack me.  The tin man said "You must look inside"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog began to smack me.  The dog began to throw some ices at me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a pale dinosaur with wooden squares coming out of its arms.  The dog began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The dinosaur began to throw some cats at me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a leader of the house whispered "You must look inside"  The leader of the house began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The leader of the house began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't worried.  The leader of the house began to take a photo of me, but I shot it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the dining hall.  The leader of the house continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with pencils coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The person who looked just like me went to a island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  The man went to a bed.  I don't know why, but I walked to a basement of a beach.  The basement of a beach suddenly began to kick me.  The man whispered "The phones are in the fire"  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The statue began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the classroom.  The statue started to spit out lots of cats.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous tin man with pens on its back.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man sprinted to a beach.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat wildly shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly gave me some bags.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and showed me several snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a man carefully crumbling.  The tin man began to throw some pens at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with fires everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the dining hall.  The beach suddenly walked to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I said "Hello?"  The dorm suddenly ran to a basement of a house.  The beach suddenly showed me several ices.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a cat sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the bed.  A dinosaur showed up and started to spit out lots of dogs.  The bed suddenly began to throw some metal squares at me.  The dinosaur began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright teacher with photos sticking out of its face.  The teacher whispered "You must look inside"  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The teacher began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a church.  The dorm suddenly drove to a beach.  The church suddenly showed me several pens.  A man came out of nowhere and ran to a island.  The dorm suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with cars all over its arms.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bugs.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful cat with ices sticking out of its arms.  The cat began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt slightly worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the beach.  I saw a grotesque statue with logs coming out of its mouth.  The beach suddenly said "Why are you so tiny?"  The beach suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with fires everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the dining hall.  I saw a pale dinosaur with cars on its feet.  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and walked to a church.  The church suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a man wildly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the church.  A cat came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The island suddenly showed me several bumps.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous tin man with bugs coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very graceful" for some reason.  The tin man shouted "That sucks"  The tin man started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with spikes everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I felt very nervous.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and ran to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the church.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher carefully melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  A dog appeared and stated "Why are you so futuristic?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue scarecrow with pencils all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The scarecrow began to kick me.  The scarecrow crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a large teacher with fruit on its feet.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  The teacher walked to a house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red dinosaur with logs sticking out of its feet.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I don't know why, but I went to a dorm.  The dinosaur drove to a beach.  I saw a green monster with metal squares sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the dorm.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to throw some bags at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The statue began to melt.  The scene changed to a beach, with a leader of the beach slowly shrinking in height.  The leader of the beach began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  A cat appeared and went to a classroom.  The statue began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the beach.  The leader of the beach grew much larger into thin air.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The cat began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something wrong.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and showed me several mice.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The monster whispered "The pencils are in the bag"  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a leader of the dining hall wildly shaking.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a small tin man with bags coming out of its feet.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the dining hall saying "The bumps are in the pencil"  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the island.  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  A man showed up and started to spit out lots of lavas.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and drove to a dining hall.  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The cat began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I saw a pale scarecrow with dogs on its toes.  The scarecrow began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly stated "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and started to spit out lots of dogs.  The cat began to stand on me.  The cat began to jump over me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dinosaur carefully crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the classroom.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure dining hall, and I felt strangely worried.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the dining hall.  I saw a large scarecrow with dogs all over its feet.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  The scarecrow grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a graceful cat with cars all over its arms.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a teacher slowly melting.  The house suddenly began to throw some bags at me.  I saw a huge director of the house with phones all over its tongue.  The house suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large teacher with bugs all over its back.  The teacher stated "You must look inside"  The teacher began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The ices are in the bag"  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster said "The phones are in the phone"  The monster went to a church.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The scene changed to a island, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the dining hall.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and began to shrink in height.  The man began to grab me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a statue wildly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the dining hall.  I saw a large dinosaur with spikes coming out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dining hall.  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a airport.  The house suddenly ran to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry thinking this would help.  A statue came out of nowhere and walked to a basement of a dorm.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The house suddenly began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a bright island, and I began to shake.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the bed.  I saw a pale statue with logs all over its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the bed.  The statue began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The statue shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a towering cat with cats on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the fire" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the island.  A man showed up and ran to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the beach.  The cat whispered "The ices are in the metal square"  The beach suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant dog with insects on its toes.  The dog began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog stated "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly started shaking.  I saw a hideous man with spikes sticking out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the church.  The church suddenly went to a island.  The dog melted into nothingness.  

I saw a massive tin man with lavas coming out of its feet.  The tin man began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  The tin man showed me several spikes.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a island.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "This is a little pleasant"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The monster walked to a basement of a church.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a red airport, and I felt very angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The airport suddenly shouted "Why are you so massive?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the beach.  A man came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The beach suddenly began to sing to me.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a small church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the church.  The church suddenly went to a bed.  A statue showed up and gave me some insects.  The bed suddenly ran to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was growing much larger in a blue house, and I shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the house.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog quickly shaking.  The house suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the house.  The dog shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with fruit coming out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some mice at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The scarecrow showed me several pens.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "This is a little bright"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a hideous airport, and I began to grow much larger.  The airport suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  I saw a childlike tin man with mice all over its eyes.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and ran to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the dorm.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "That sucks", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with cats everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started melting.  A cat showed up and went to a dorm.  The cat began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The cat crumbled into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The dog whispered "Why are you so massive?"  The dog began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with pens everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dog wildly crumbling.  The classroom suddenly walked to a airport.  The dog showed me several dogs.  The dog shook into the ground.  

I saw a pale tin man with lavas sticking out of its back.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being worried.  The tin man began to take a photo of me.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the island, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow walked to a island.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of snows.  I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with bags on its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the island.  The person who looked just like me melted into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a obscure bed, and I stated "That sucks"  The bed suddenly began to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the bed.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a house.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly began to throw some phones at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the bed, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a tin man began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous thinking this would help.  The tin man showed me several bugs.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the house.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and drove to a airport.  The person who looked just like me gave me some photos.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a man absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a grotesque scarecrow with fruit on its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the dorm.  The airport suddenly ran to a beach.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and began to grow much larger.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The statue began to throw some bags at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man carefully crumbling.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I saw a huge teacher with spikes on its arms.  The house suddenly began to stand on me.  The statue started shaking.  The tin man began to slap me, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and began to jump over me.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The tin man began to throw some fires at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and started to spit out lots of mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the cat" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a basement of a island.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is a little red"  The island suddenly drove to a bed.  The dog crumbled into thin air.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The monster stated "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with bags everywhere.  The dorm suddenly drove to a house.  The house suddenly began to smack me.  A man showed up and started to spit out lots of logs.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The dorm suddenly showed me several ices.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a huge church, and I felt strangely like I had accomplished something terrible.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I saw a massive scarecrow with fires sticking out of its toes.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a small statue with logs coming out of its legs.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The statue said "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being happy about it.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I saw a massive cat with pencils all over its feet.  The statue ran to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had accomplished something wrong thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass squares are in the insect" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the church.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue wildly growing much larger.  The statue went to a dining hall.  The statue began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The metal triangles are in the fruit"  

A dinosaur showed up and started to spit out lots of glass squares.  The dinosaur shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with mice coming out of its legs.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow began to yell at me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to throw some glass squares at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small dog with cats sticking out of its feet.  The dog began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly stated "The spikes are in the spike"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and gave me some photos.  The cat started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The cat gave me some pens.  The cat began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The cat crumbled into nothingness.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the dorm.  I saw a large tin man with cars coming out of its back.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a man absent-mindedly melting.  The man began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The man shrunk in height into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stated "What's going on?"  The dorm suddenly stated "The pencils are in the phone"  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with cars on its face.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a airport.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  A man came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the airport.  The basement of a airport suddenly started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

A statue appeared and started crumbling.  The statue showed me several bugs.  The statue began to stand on me.  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me quickly shaking.  The person who looked just like me said "The snows are in the pen"  I saw a red scarecrow with pencils on its face.  The island suddenly gave me some lavas.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow showed up and gave me some insects.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a airport, and I began to shake.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  A statue showed up and walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  The statue grew much larger into nothingness.  

A monster showed up and drove to a house.  The monster walked to a island.  The monster started to spit out lots of lavas.  The scene changed to a church, with a dinosaur wildly shrinking in height.  The house suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful monster with wooden triangles on its eyes.  The monster began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The monster sprinted to a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a blue dinosaur with phones all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble", and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher went to a beach.  The teacher began to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I wasn't worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the beach.  The beach suddenly walked to a airport.  The teacher stated "Why are you so pleasant?", and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  The airport suddenly began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the bed.  I saw a massive director of the bed with cars coming out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started melting.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a classroom, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a tiny bed, and I wasn't afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the photo" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a large basement of a classroom, and I felt very angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started melting.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The basement of a classroom suddenly shouted "The fruit are in the bug"  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with pens everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly said "The phones are in the mouse"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the island.  The church suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a towering beach, and I wasn't happy about it.  The beach suddenly shouted "The bags are in the lava"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the beach.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a classroom.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is somewhat futuristic" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a childlike airport, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the airport.  The airport suddenly stated "Why are you so enormous?"  A tin man showed up and showed me several pens.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with metal triangles coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur stated "Why are you so hideous?"  The dinosaur drove to a dorm.  The dinosaur crumbled into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dog showed me several snows.  I don't know why, but I went to a house.  The dog gave me some glass squares.  The basement of a beach suddenly started shaking.  The dog started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque man with lavas sticking out of its toes.  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and ran to a bed.  The cat began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some logs at me.  The cat started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the dining hall.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale teacher with photos on its arms.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher stated "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being happy about it.  The teacher began to kick me.  I saw a graceful dinosaur with bumps all over its tongue.  The teacher began to grab me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The church suddenly gave me some phones.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with pens everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I saw a huge man with lavas coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and began to smack me.  The statue started melting.  The statue began to throw some insects at me, but I screamed at it "This is very obscure"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a beach.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the beach.  I saw a enormous dinosaur with pencils coming out of its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a childlike statue with photos coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with fires on its toes.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of metal squares.  The dinosaur ran to a beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and started to spit out lots of pens.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow said "Why are you so pleasant?"  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster absent-mindedly shaking.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a green dinosaur with insects on its arms.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with cats on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to shake.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the bed.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bags.  The bed suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with fires sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur sprinted to a beach.  The beach suddenly drove to a basement of a basement of a island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful monster with cars sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little enormous" thinking this would help.  The monster began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a church.  The monster stated "Why are you so graceful?"  A tin man showed up and began to sing to me.  The monster shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The monster showed me several insects.  The tin man drove to a dorm, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a director of the dining hall said "That sucks"  The director of the dining hall began to crumble.  The director of the dining hall began to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the classroom.  The director of the dining hall started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and began to crumble.  The man started to spit out lots of photos.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the classroom.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque man with snows on its legs.  The man began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The man began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a green cat with bumps sticking out of its legs.  The cat began to shoot me.  The cat gave me some mice.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The lavas are in the phone"  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a bed.  The island suddenly ran to a classroom.  The island suddenly began to punch me.  A dog showed up and started crumbling.  The classroom suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The dog stated "The dogs are in the mouse"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the bed, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a monster started to spit out lots of dogs.  The monster began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  A statue appeared and gave me some metal squares.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the church.  The monster said "Why are you so enormous?"  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the dining hall.  The basement of a house suddenly showed me several insects.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  The basement of a house suddenly started growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the airport.  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

I was melting in a green beach, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The beach suddenly gave me some lavas.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me gave me some pens.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely pleasant"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the bed.  I saw a massive dinosaur with bugs on its legs.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

A dinosaur appeared and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a bright dorm, and I said "I want to melt"  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the dorm.  I saw a tiny dog with bugs on its feet.  The dog gave me some snows.  The dorm suddenly showed me several lavas.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the house.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some insects at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  A teacher showed up and ran to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

A teacher showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I wasn't afraid.  The teacher began to stand on me.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and started shaking.  The man began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The cat began to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being happy about it.  The island suddenly began to punch me.  I saw a towering monster with glass squares sticking out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the island.  The classroom suddenly began to throw some bumps at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red man with logs sticking out of its mouth.  The man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The man began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher slowly melting.  The teacher began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is a little childlike"  I saw a towering cat with lavas on its eyes.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a obscure church, and I wasn't happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The bed suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive monster with cars sticking out of its back.  The monster began to sing to me.  The monster began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?"  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with fruit coming out of its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful monster with phones all over its face.  The monster began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The monster ran to a dorm.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful man with mice all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The man whispered "Why are you so graceful?"  I jolted awake.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The man gave me some photos.  The scene changed to a island, with a dog absent-mindedly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the island.  The man began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with spikes everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the house.  The house suddenly began to melt.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and showed me several bumps.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I shouted at it "This is a little pale"  The scarecrow sprinted to a church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive teacher with ices coming out of its toes.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a house, with a statue wildly shaking.  The house suddenly whispered "The logs are in the insect"  A leader of the house appeared and walked to a classroom.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a statue began to shake.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I saw a huge tin man with mice on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is somewhat red" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and ran to a bed.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely obscure"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat quickly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The cat began to slap me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with lavas everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a church when all of a sudden a monster showed me several fires.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly began to shrink in height.  A manager of the basement of a church appeared and started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the church.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the dorm.  I saw a futuristic teacher with pencils all over its mouth.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a red beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the beach.  I saw a massive monster with cats on its arms.  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the beach.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a leader of the airport began to jump over me.  The leader of the airport began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the airport.  I don't know why, but I ran to a basement of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The leader of the airport continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a blue dining hall, and I shouted "Hello?"  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?"  The dining hall suddenly walked to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue man with pens coming out of its tongue.  The man whispered "The photos are in the car"  The man started melting.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a church.  The church suddenly began to punch me.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The man gave me some pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the church.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant dog with bugs all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The dog said "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher quickly shaking.  The teacher began to yell at me.  A monster appeared and shouted "The bags are in the car"  The monster walked to a church.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to punch me.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of phones.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely enormous"  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The monster showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a church when all of a sudden a tin man began to shrink in height.  The basement of a church suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the church.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and shouted "The cats are in the bug"  The church suddenly began to shake.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a green dorm, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The dorm suddenly ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the dorm.  A teacher showed up and began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the dorm.  The teacher stated "Why are you so red?"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with bugs all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue carefully shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me melted into the ground.  

I was shaking in a tiny beach, and I began to crumble.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The beach suddenly said "That sucks"  A tin man showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  The tin man went to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red scarecrow with pencils coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the cat" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me carefully shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something satisfying.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike dog with metal squares sticking out of its toes.  The dog began to melt.  The dog began to grow much larger.  The dog started melting, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I shouted "I want to shake"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly said "The cats are in the ice"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The tin man whispered "Why are you so large?"  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a man showed me several lavas.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The man started to spit out lots of pencils.  I saw a futuristic director of the bed with mice all over its toes.  The bed suddenly began to sing to me.  The director of the bed started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with dogs everywhere.  The island suddenly said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely obscure" for some reason.  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with lavas on its legs.  The person who looked just like me said "Why are you so obscure?"  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with glass squares coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  The dorm suddenly went to a basement of a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some fires at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with fires coming out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content for some reason.  The teacher gave me some lavas.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly started melting.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the airport.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny monster with insects all over its tongue.  The monster began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man absent-mindedly shaking.  The monster started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the bed.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with bags on its toes.  The dinosaur gave me some cars.  The dinosaur whispered "You must look inside"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the classroom.  A dog came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the basement of a classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The statue began to jump over me.  I don't know why, but I went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the dorm.  The statue began to throw some snows at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a futuristic classroom, and I heard a voice say "The snows are in the spike"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  I saw a red manager of the classroom with logs on its toes.  The manager of the classroom stated "You must look inside"  The manager of the classroom stated "That sucks"  The manager of the classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog started melting.  The dog stated "That sucks"  The dog started to spit out lots of fires.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dog showed me several metal triangles.  The dog sprinted to a house.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a basement of a island.  The airport suddenly said "That sucks"  A statue came out of nowhere and began to throw some pens at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the basement of a island.  The statue crumbled into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a scarecrow slowly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The dog stated "You must look inside"  The dog started growing much larger.  The dog melted into nothingness.  

I saw a obscure monster with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some bugs at me.  The monster began to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a dorm, and I whispered "I want to crumble"  The monster showed me several insects.  The monster began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge scarecrow with fires on its back.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a island.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The island suddenly began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and sprinted to a church.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the church.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a manager of the dining hall began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I whispered "That sucks"  The manager of the dining hall said "Hey man, it happens"  The manager of the dining hall began to grab me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely red"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful teacher with metal squares on its toes.  The teacher sprinted to a bed.  The teacher said "You must look inside"  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several logs.  The teacher began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  The statue began to smack me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The statue started crumbling.  A monster appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The airport suddenly began to throw some insects at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a towering tin man with lavas on its tongue.  The tin man went to a church.  The tin man began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shoot me.  The church suddenly showed me several cars.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so red?"  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a beach.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  The beach suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  A monster showed up and began to shake.  The beach suddenly began to jump over me.  The monster began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  A scarecrow showed up and drove to a airport.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a tiny church, and I said "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the church.  The church suddenly began to kick me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster slowly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the bed.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some dogs.  I saw a large tin man with bags sticking out of its mouth.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  The tin man began to grab me.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a dorm, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me ran to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a house.  The house suddenly showed me several logs.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me shook into nothingness.  

I saw a massive cat with spikes coming out of its eyes.  The cat began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The cat began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur started to spit out lots of bugs.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the house.  The dinosaur began to slap me.  A scarecrow appeared and sprinted to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a red bed, and I stopped being concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the airport.  The airport suddenly ran to a basement of a church.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried for some reason.  The tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a manager of the dorm absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  A teacher showed up and drove to a dining hall.  The teacher said "The cars are in the pencil"  The teacher started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me walked to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me gave me some fires.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a bed.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a classroom when all of a sudden a dinosaur started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being afraid.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The classroom suddenly showed me several bumps.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the island.  The dinosaur began to shake.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and walked to a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the phone" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the basement of a island.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

A statue appeared and started growing much larger.  The statue began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is very futuristic"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some insects at me.  The house suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The statue began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of snows.  The person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some metal squares at me.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of pencils, and I smiled.  

I saw a small dinosaur with pencils coming out of its legs.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dinosaur began to crumble, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The man ran to a house, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with pens on its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a island.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  The person who looked just like me walked to a basement of a beach.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a tin man started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  A dinosaur showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The cars are in the car"  

A dinosaur showed up and started melting.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me slowly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a manager of the airport started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The manager of the airport began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat carefully shrinking in height.  The cat began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "This is very blue"  The airport suddenly showed me several pencils.  The cat shook into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to throw some insects at me.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly drove to a church, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and said "That sucks"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the house.  I saw a large monster with bugs all over its legs.  The house suddenly gave me some phones.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a basement of a island.  The island suddenly began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the basement of a island.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dinosaur slowly growing much larger.  The bed suddenly walked to a dorm.  The dinosaur ran to a airport.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with logs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The church suddenly gave me some snows.  I saw a enormous dog with fruit coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with photos everywhere.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the church.  The bed suddenly showed me several bags, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with insects everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?"  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and began to shrink in height.  The dog started growing much larger.  The dog began to smack me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the church.  The dog began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

A dinosaur showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher appeared and started to spit out lots of snows.  The teacher drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me quickly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the church.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a green classroom, and I felt strangely anxious.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow carefully shaking.  The scarecrow walked to a church.  The scarecrow began to throw some lavas at me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with photos on its back.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat large"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I said "Who are you?"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I saw a pale statue with metal squares coming out of its mouth.  The dinosaur sprinted to a house.  The statue gave me some dogs.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the bug" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous statue with ices coming out of its tongue.  The statue ran to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the classroom.  I don't know why, but I went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the dining hall.  I saw a small scarecrow with metal triangles sticking out of its feet.  The classroom suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to kick me.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a beach.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of fruit.  The beach suddenly began to throw some snows at me.  The dinosaur crumbled into nothingness.  

A dog appeared and began to melt.  The dog began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dog began to slap me, but I threw some glass triangles at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt slightly content.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  A scarecrow showed up and began to shake.  The dog started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and showed me several dogs.  The monster began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is very pale"  The monster began to stand on me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the basement of a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and said "That sucks"  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I saw a hideous tin man with metal squares on its toes.  The beach suddenly began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a large beach, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the airport.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the church, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale dog with logs all over its toes.  The dog said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass squares are in the metal triangle" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous man with bumps coming out of its mouth.  The man began to crumble.  The man began to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with logs sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I screamed at it "This is a little bright"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a tiny bed, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the bed.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the bed.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to melt.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the classroom.  A manager of the classroom showed up and began to throw some logs at me.  The manager of the classroom started growing much larger.  The basement of a classroom suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The scarecrow grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a hideous man with cats all over its tongue.  The man started melting.  The man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat small"  The man crumbled into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a enormous airport, and I said "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and began to smack me.  The dog began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly whispered "Why are you so pleasant?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the airport.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and said "That sucks"  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  I don't know why, but I went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  A person who looked just like me showed up and ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a airport.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

I was crumbling in a large dorm, and I said "I want to melt"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very small" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a man wildly growing much larger.  The man began to take a photo of me.  The dorm suddenly gave me some logs.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a small classroom, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  A teacher showed up and whispered "The pencils are in the lava"  The teacher began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the classroom.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a dog began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the church.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with ices everywhere.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stated "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly showed me several cars.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The island suddenly began to punch me.  I saw a tiny teacher with dogs all over its mouth.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The teacher stated "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly went to a dining hall.  A man showed up and ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  The house suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The man crumbled into the ground.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  The scarecrow began to throw some ices at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a monster shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The monster showed me several lavas.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the bed.  I saw a large dog with spikes sticking out of its back.  The dog began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a church.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a beach.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The beach suddenly started melting.  The beach suddenly began to throw some spikes at me.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and began to shake.  The cat started melting.  The cat started shrinking in height.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a island.  The island suddenly sprinted to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the island.  A tin man appeared and whispered "The fruit are in the snow"  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The ices are in the photo"  

My friends and I were at a basement of a basement of a church, but it's a very strange basement of a church on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the basement of a church.  The basement of a basement of a church suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with logs coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stated "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a island.  The island suddenly began to slap me.  The island suddenly whispered "The bags are in the bag"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous tin man with spikes sticking out of its eyes.  The tin man began to shake.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the classroom.  The tin man melted into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher walked to a church.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some logs at me.  The teacher began to slap me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The teacher shouted "You must look inside"  The teacher began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and began to shrink in height.  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dog whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stated "I want to grow much larger"  The dog went to a church.  The dog started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a towering airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  A teacher appeared and started to spit out lots of ices.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the airport.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a futuristic bed, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a basement of a island.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful statue with phones sticking out of its face.  The statue began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The statue stated "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the classroom.  A dog showed up and began to smack me.  The statue stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering teacher with cats coming out of its legs.  The teacher began to shake.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The teacher ran to a church.  A person who looked just like me appeared and whispered "Why are you so huge?"  The bed suddenly gave me some phones.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me shook into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with phones everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the island.  I don't know why, but I ran to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and said "You must look inside"  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The dog began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something wrong.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The bags are in the ice"  

A statue showed up and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The statue shouted "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The statue began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the classroom.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and showed me several insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the cat" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dinosaur began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large tin man with fires sticking out of its back.  The tin man stated "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to smack me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly stated "The mice are in the photo"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue teacher with lavas sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The teacher walked to a church.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so small?"  

I saw a futuristic man with mice on its mouth.  The man began to melt.  The man began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified for some reason, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bags.  The teacher began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher began to slap me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a hideous monster with dogs all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a futuristic beach, and I felt strangely like I had done something helpful.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the beach.  The scene changed to a house, with a cat wildly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the beach.  The cat began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me ran to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  I saw a blue dinosaur with lavas on its tongue.  The classroom suddenly showed me several snows.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into thin air.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to kick me.  The scarecrow walked to a classroom.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man quickly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the classroom.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The man began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny monster with ices sticking out of its tongue.  The monster walked to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a leader of the dining hall wildly melting.  The monster shouted "You must look inside"  I saw a childlike cat with bugs sticking out of its legs.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The monster drove to a house.  The leader of the dining hall melted into nothingness.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and sprinted to a basement of a church.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the basement of a church.  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur gave me some fires.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the dorm.  The dinosaur began to shake.  The scene changed to a church, with a manager of the church absent-mindedly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious for some reason.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The church suddenly began to stand on me, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with snows everywhere.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the beach.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster slowly growing much larger.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a tin man began to melt.  The tin man began to shake.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The bed suddenly showed me several bumps.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat appeared and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The cat showed me several lavas.  The cat began to sing to me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a house.  The cat started shrinking in height.  A statue appeared and stated "The bags are in the glass square"  The statue began to smack me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The statue began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and started shaking.  The tin man began to smack me.  The tin man began to jump over me.  The tin man began to punch me, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure scarecrow with bugs all over its face.  The scarecrow drove to a island.  The island suddenly began to punch me.  I don't know why, but I went to a airport.  The scarecrow began to throw some bumps at me.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The dog shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a obscure tin man with cars on its tongue.  The tin man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The tin man began to throw some dogs at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I felt a little furious.  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  A dinosaur showed up and began to stand on me.  The beach suddenly began to smack me.  The basement of a beach suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The cat said "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why, but I ran to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a small teacher with bugs on its mouth.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  The teacher said "The spikes are in the car"  The scene changed to a church, with a manager of the church quickly shaking.  The manager of the church began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  I saw a obscure statue with dogs coming out of its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the church.  The church suddenly began to grab me, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue statue with bugs all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the pen" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the bed.  I saw a hideous tin man with phones sticking out of its face.  The bed suddenly gave me some fires.  The statue began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive dog with mice coming out of its legs.  The dog began to kick me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat pale"  The dog started crumbling.  The dog started to spit out lots of phones, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a dinosaur slowly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me drove to a airport.  I saw a tiny man with cars all over its eyes.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with fruit coming out of its toes.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scarecrow said "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is extremely futuristic" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The scarecrow whispered "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a island, with a monster carefully growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the island.  A dog showed up and gave me some cats.  The monster began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The scarecrow shook into thin air.  

A statue appeared and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The statue began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with spikes sticking out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me stated "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with mice sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the house, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the island.  A scarecrow appeared and shouted "Why are you so massive?"  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  The scarecrow drove to a house.  The scarecrow melted into thin air.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The dog began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The dog started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I saw a pale tin man with bumps all over its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the island.  The island suddenly gave me some insects.  The dog melted into thin air.  

I saw a bright monster with mice all over its legs.  The monster started growing much larger.  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow quickly shaking.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Why are you so bright?"  I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with fires coming out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The photos are in the glass triangle"  

I saw a large man with logs coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is somewhat hideous" for some reason.  The man began to throw some ices at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with spikes everywhere.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the beach.  I saw a huge dog with bugs on its face.  The dog began to slap me.  The dog began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The snows are in the fruit"  

I saw a small tin man with mice coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I drove to a basement of a classroom.  The tin man sprinted to a island.  I saw a massive man with logs all over its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the basement of a classroom.  The island suddenly whispered "The insects are in the bug"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with bumps everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the classroom.  A leader of the classroom showed up and began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly showed me several cats.  The leader of the classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with phones everywhere.  The church suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the church.  A dinosaur appeared and began to sing to me.  The dinosaur began to slap me.  The church suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to shoot me.  The island suddenly walked to a classroom.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I saw a massive manager of the classroom with fires sticking out of its back.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely hideous"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

My friends and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange basement of a classroom on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the classroom.  A man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the basement of a classroom.  The man began to throw some logs at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

A monster came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the beach.  A man came out of nowhere and gave me some metal squares.  The monster began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had done something helpful thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with mice all over its tongue.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic monster with lavas all over its feet.  The monster began to punch me, but I threw some bags at it and ran away.  The monster began to grab me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a basement of a island.  The monster started to spit out lots of bumps.  I saw a pleasant tin man with metal triangles all over its tongue.  The monster went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the basement of a island.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a graceful monster with pencils on its feet.  The monster showed me several bugs.  The monster gave me some fires.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the house.  A tin man showed up and began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to kick me.  The monster began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a small cat with mice coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried thinking this would help.  The cat began to kick me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I walked to a basement of a airport.  The airport suddenly whispered "The dogs are in the photo"  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a bright classroom, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?"  The classroom suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous dog with mice on its back.  The dog went to a bed.  The dog said "The lavas are in the wooden triangle"  The scene changed to a church, with a monster absent-mindedly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright monster with metal squares all over its feet.  The monster drove to a church.  The monster showed me several lavas.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't scared.  The monster began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with pens all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little large" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the beach, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with pencils everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The beach suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The house suddenly walked to a airport, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I saw a green teacher with mice sticking out of its feet.  The beach suddenly began to throw some pencils at me.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic teacher with glass triangles all over its mouth.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a cat wildly shrinking in height.  The cat began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me showed up and started melting.  The island suddenly drove to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike cat with spikes coming out of its feet.  The cat began to throw some logs at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog wildly melting.  The dining hall suddenly began to kick me.  The dog began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The dog began to throw some cars at me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the beach.  The house suddenly showed me several photos.  I saw a towering manager of the house with fruit on its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the beach.  The manager of the house began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something great.  The manager of the house continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the dining hall.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is somewhat red" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Why are you so red?", and I smiled.  

I was melting in a enormous basement of a house, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly started crumbling.  A person who looked just like me appeared and went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the basement of a house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny statue with insects sticking out of its arms.  The statue went to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The statue began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The statue grew much larger into the ground.  

A monster showed up and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The monster began to slap me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a enormous teacher with photos coming out of its eyes.  The teacher began to throw some logs at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The teacher whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and showed me several dogs.  The man showed me several bags.  The man stated "Why are you so blue?"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a director of the dining hall wildly melting.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with logs coming out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me ran to a house.  The house suddenly drove to a bed.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a statue began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly showed me several bags.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a man showed me several spikes.  The man showed me several dogs.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  I saw a enormous dog with glass squares coming out of its arms.  The beach suddenly went to a dining hall.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The dog shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A dog came out of nowhere and whispered "The bags are in the pen"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried thinking this would help.  The dog began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The dog began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  A teacher showed up and started to spit out lots of dogs.  The dog began to jump over me.  The dog stated "You must look inside"  The teacher shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with spikes coming out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a hideous dorm, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  A teacher appeared and gave me some bugs.  The teacher shouted "Why are you so hideous?"  The teacher began to shake.  The teacher whispered "The glass triangles are in the cat", and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and began to throw some ices at me.  The tin man said "That sucks"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue wildly shrinking in height.  The tin man began to throw some phones at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something wrong.  A teacher came out of nowhere and started melting.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The statue began to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The dinosaur shouted "The bumps are in the photo"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and whispered "The insects are in the lava"  The person who looked just like me showed me several dogs.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the beach.  I saw a red teacher with fruit coming out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of pens.  The teacher began to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I saw a futuristic monster with fires coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The monster showed me several photos, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the bed.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me stated "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly showed me several insects.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of mice, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a statue began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the island.  The statue began to melt.  A tin man came out of nowhere and gave me some ices.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The tin man started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the basement of a island, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and ran to a dining hall.  The man began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the dining hall.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a church.  The dorm suddenly went to a house.  The house suddenly began to throw some bugs at me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and began to kick me.  The teacher gave me some photos.  The teacher began to throw some bugs at me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The teacher shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a tiny cat with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The cat started crumbling.  The cat walked to a classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt very anxious.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  A monster showed up and stated "The bugs are in the cat"  The cat began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The monster began to throw some dogs at me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The monster grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a tiny man with dogs coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The man showed me several cars.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with ices sticking out of its arms.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a classroom.  The scarecrow said "You must look inside"  I saw a green leader of the classroom with mice coming out of its toes.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the classroom saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a enormous cat with snows coming out of its eyes.  The cat shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The cat showed me several cats.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly gave me some pens.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque dog with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to grab me, but I threw some bags at it and ran away.  The dog began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  The scene changed to a church, with a leader of the church absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the church.  The leader of the church continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright dog with photos on its legs.  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dog began to grow much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a house.  The dog shouted "Why are you so huge?"  I saw a small monster with pencils coming out of its mouth.  The monster walked to a beach.  The monster began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a tiny teacher with dogs all over its mouth.  The teacher started melting.  The teacher shouted "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a tin man started to spit out lots of bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  A teacher showed up and began to grow much larger.  The tin man started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The teacher shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was crumbling in a pale bed, and I began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly gave me some bags.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the bed.  I saw a blue man with glass triangles on its legs.  The man began to throw some fruit at me.  The bed suddenly ran to a island.  The man shrunk in height into thin air.  

A dog came out of nowhere and drove to a basement of a house.  The dog began to throw some cars at me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The scene changed to a bed, with a director of the bed quickly crumbling.  The basement of a house suddenly began to take a photo of me.  A person who looked just like me showed up and went to a airport.  The director of the bed began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small monster with mice coming out of its tongue.  The monster whispered "Why are you so small?"  The monster began to shrink in height.  I don't know why, but I went to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the classroom.  The monster grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a statue started shrinking in height.  The statue began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  The airport suddenly gave me some pens.  I saw a red person who looked just like me with lavas all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat large"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly drove to a dorm, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  The teacher started crumbling.  The teacher gave me some metal triangles.  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  The teacher began to crumble.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly began to throw some fruit at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous cat with spikes all over its toes.  The cat showed me several metal triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and gave me some phones.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The cat started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of pens.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The person who looked just like me showed me several mice.  The scene changed to a house, with a leader of the house wildly shrinking in height.  The leader of the house started to spit out lots of snows.  I saw a red cat with logs all over its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the house.  The leader of the house began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a red classroom, and I felt strangely nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dining hall.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the classroom.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious for some reason.  The tin man started melting.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  The tin man started to spit out lots of fires.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so pale?"  

I was melting in a enormous dorm, and I stated "Who are you?"  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the dorm.  The house suddenly began to slap me, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with bugs sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  The dinosaur melted into the ground.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with metal squares all over its face.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scarecrow showed me several bugs.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and began to shrink in height.  The teacher gave me some dogs.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue tin man with snows on its toes.  The tin man whispered "The cars are in the spike"  The tin man started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a teacher shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  A cat came out of nowhere and shouted "The dogs are in the dog"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the church.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with dogs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the island.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a blue monster with glass triangles all over its legs.  The monster whispered "The spikes are in the metal triangle"  The island suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a childlike monster with phones sticking out of its feet.  The monster began to kick me, but I yelled at it "This is a little blue"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly showed me several pencils.  A statue showed up and began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the bed.  The statue whispered "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque statue with cats on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the pencil" for some reason.  The statue started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I wasn't happy about it.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur began to throw some fires at me.  The dinosaur began to throw some photos at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The statue shook into the ground.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The statue began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The statue shouted "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I saw a blue man with lavas coming out of its legs.  The man started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a monster went to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the insect" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the airport.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow slowly crumbling.  The scarecrow sprinted to a classroom.  The monster began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large cat with logs sticking out of its feet.  The cat began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The cat grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a huge dog with cars all over its toes.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dog began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a small dorm, and I whispered "I want to crumble"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the dorm.  A tin man showed up and stated "The mice are in the snow"  The tin man began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the dorm.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a beach.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I walked to a basement of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a statue began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the beach.  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with fruit all over its tongue.  The beach suddenly went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a man began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the beach.  A leader of the beach appeared and began to crumble.  The leader of the beach started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the beach saying "That sucks"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and gave me some fruit.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the island.  The island suddenly stated "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

A monster appeared and said "You must look inside"  The monster showed me several bags.  The monster began to throw some pens at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little anxious for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher appeared and began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something great.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a house.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  A man showed up and began to crumble.  The man began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  The man shook into thin air.  

I saw a red cat with bumps sticking out of its mouth.  The cat started crumbling.  The cat gave me some glass squares.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  The cat began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and started melting.  The scarecrow ran to a bed.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  A man showed up and started to spit out lots of mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the bed.  The bed suddenly showed me several bugs, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a cat started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the church.  The cat started melting.  A scarecrow showed up and began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the church.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I threw some mice at it and ran away.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat whispered "That sucks"  The cat started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The cat began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  A dog came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to crumble.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The cat began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering tin man with dogs on its feet.  The tin man began to crumble.  The tin man showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a pale basement of a bed, and I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the dog"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the basement of a bed.  The church suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I don't know why, but I drove to a classroom.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  A dog showed up and began to grow much larger.  The man began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous scarecrow with bumps on its legs.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I threw some wooden squares at it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The tin man began to throw some mice at me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat blue"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the house.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a childlike man with dogs sticking out of its back.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the dining hall.  A statue showed up and began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly said "You must look inside"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with metal squares everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the house.  I saw a small cat with fruit sticking out of its arms.  The house suddenly began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The statue began to crumble.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a dorm.  The statue went to a basement of a classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a large scarecrow with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The scarecrow shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow went to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous monster with spikes sticking out of its face.  The monster started to spit out lots of pens.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant man with mice all over its toes.  The man began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a scarecrow wildly shrinking in height.  The basement of a island suddenly started growing much larger.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and shouted "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the basement of a island.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a tiny airport, and I felt very content.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the airport.  A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of fires.  The cat whispered "The mice are in the bump"  The airport suddenly showed me several spikes.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a hideous statue with ices coming out of its tongue.  The statue began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The statue showed me several bugs.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and walked to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the classroom.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a teacher sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the beach.  The teacher started to spit out lots of bags.  I saw a towering dog with pens all over its arms.  The dog showed me several ices.  The dog began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a grotesque dog with ices all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  The dog began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "This is a little pale"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  A man appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly whispered "The bumps are in the metal triangle"  The man began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with bags on its toes.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur began to throw some fires at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat quickly melting.  The person who looked just like me gave me some bags.  I saw a blue scarecrow with cars sticking out of its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the bed.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and showed me several photos.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  The scarecrow started melting.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The scarecrow began to throw some pens at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the dining hall.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I saw a grotesque cat with ices sticking out of its face.  The cat stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  The statue began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt slightly nervous.  The statue said "The fires are in the pen"  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The statue began to throw some cars at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The scarecrow said "Why are you so graceful?", and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful teacher with snows all over its feet.  The teacher began to kick me.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the church.  A dog appeared and started crumbling.  The teacher began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The church suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The dog shook into the ground.  

A teacher showed up and began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is very futuristic" for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a tin man quickly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to smack me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The tin man began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous monster with spikes on its eyes.  The monster showed me several wooden triangles.  The monster drove to a basement of a house.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a tin man absent-mindedly shaking.  The basement of a house suddenly began to shake.  A statue appeared and began to punch me.  The monster began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the house.  The tin man melted into nothingness.  

A man came out of nowhere and walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The man began to grow much larger.  The man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a director of the island gave me some fruit.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the island.  The director of the island began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly walked to a bed.  The island suddenly began to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge scarecrow with phones all over its face.  The scarecrow said "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with glass triangles coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur started melting.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a cat slowly shrinking in height.  The dinosaur ran to a church.  A man appeared and showed me several photos.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the church.  The cat began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a director of the island began to slap me.  The director of the island began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The island suddenly started shaking.  I saw a tiny manager of the island with glass squares all over its toes.  The director of the island began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The director of the island began to throw some insects at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The director of the island shook into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with phones everywhere.  The island suddenly ran to a church.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I shouted "I want to shake"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large dinosaur with metal squares all over its face.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a huge dinosaur with bags sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't happy about it.  The house suddenly walked to a dining hall.  A man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  A statue showed up and began to grab me.  The statue began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous statue with ices coming out of its back.  The statue began to throw some cars at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The statue started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque dog with bags on its feet.  The dog began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dog began to smack me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the airport.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a monster started crumbling.  The monster gave me some snows.  The monster sprinted to a beach.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a airport.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  The basement of a airport suddenly stated "The bugs are in the spike"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The phones are in the pencil"  

A scarecrow appeared and began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was growing much larger in a small church, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the church.  I saw a obscure tin man with spikes all over its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the church.  The tin man said "Why are you so childlike?"  The tin man melted into nothingness.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a statue began to melt.  The statue began to throw some lavas at me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The statue began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The statue said "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the island.  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a childlike man with bags on its eyes.  The man began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The man began to throw some dogs at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  A statue appeared and walked to a basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the basement of a church.  The man showed me several mice.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with snows on its face.  The person who looked just like me gave me some photos.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me gave me some dogs.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with bumps all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The person who looked just like me gave me some wooden squares.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  I saw a massive scarecrow with glass squares coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a basement of a island.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a house.  The basement of a island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a red monster with mice on its tongue.  The monster began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The monster ran to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the classroom.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a pale basement of a dining hall, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a basement of a basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The basement of a basement of a classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The island suddenly began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with phones coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with fruit all over its back.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I threw some bumps at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I said "Hello?"  The scarecrow started shaking.  I saw a blue tin man with wooden squares coming out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The island suddenly began to grab me.  The scarecrow shook into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dog slowly shrinking in height.  The dog began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike tin man with insects sticking out of its legs.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The tin man started to spit out lots of mice.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some cats.  A manager of the dorm showed up and went to a house.  The house suddenly ran to a classroom.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely blue"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant dog with cars coming out of its mouth.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dog began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a dining hall, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the basement of a dining hall.  The dog started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and sprinted to a beach.  The man started shaking.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The man stated "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a bright scarecrow with snows coming out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The scarecrow gave me some metal triangles.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and began to smack me.  The dog started melting.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me quickly crumbling.  The bed suddenly showed me several fires.  The dog started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a blue man with logs all over its back.  The man said "Hey man, it happens"  The man started to spit out lots of photos.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the dorm.  The man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a tin man ran to a basement of a island.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the basement of a island.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster slowly shrinking in height.  The tin man shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the basement of a bed.  The tin man shook into nothingness.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with ices all over its arms.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat slowly shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  A manager of the dorm showed up and ran to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a monster started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a blue scarecrow with pens all over its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the church.  The monster began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I was melting in a red basement of a bed, and I stopped being concerned.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the basement of a bed.  A man appeared and went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a airport.  The man showed me several insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to melt.  The scarecrow gave me some dogs.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a childlike airport, and I stopped being happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the airport.  The scene changed to a bed, with a manager of the airport absent-mindedly shaking.  The manager of the airport began to yell at me.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to throw some phones at me, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the dorm.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The statue began to sing to me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little anxious thinking this would help.  The island suddenly began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a airport when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very towering" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the airport.  A statue appeared and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to punch me.  The basement of a airport suddenly drove to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the basement of a airport, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a director of the church stated "The metal triangles are in the log"  The director of the church stated "You must look inside"  The director of the church started to spit out lots of phones.  I saw a red person who looked just like me with pens sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the church.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little graceful" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the church.  A teacher came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher shrunk in height into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man went to a airport.  The tin man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the basement of a dorm.  I saw a pale statue with phones on its legs.  The dorm suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a teacher began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The teacher whispered "The pens are in the dog"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "This is a little blue"  The teacher began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a towering teacher with pens on its mouth.  The teacher gave me some ices.  The teacher began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man wildly shaking.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  I saw a green monster with photos coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the dorm.  The tin man melted into thin air.  

I saw a towering man with pencils sticking out of its arms.  The man began to stand on me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The man started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a huge dorm, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  A man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The man started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and started shrinking in height.  The cat began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being worried.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  A tin man appeared and shouted "That sucks"  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with ices on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure house, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly ran to a beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt a little like I had accomplished something terrible.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous scarecrow with logs sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I shouted "Hello?"  The scarecrow began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I saw a green teacher with lavas sticking out of its back.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The teacher began to throw some bags at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the dining hall.  A cat showed up and gave me some spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering tin man with fruit sticking out of its legs.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "This is a little blue"  The tin man ran to a classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The tin man shouted "The logs are in the metal square"  The tin man began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man crumbled into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a obscure church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The church suddenly stated "The spikes are in the photo"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the church.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and whispered "The snows are in the glass triangle"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the dog" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The person who looked just like me went to a classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a large cat with phones on its mouth.  The cat began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The cat began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The cat shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a blue teacher with snows sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The teacher began to shake.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some fruit.  I saw a small dog with cars sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The teacher melted into thin air.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a cat went to a island.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The cat began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  A statue came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny cat with cats on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The cat walked to a house.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a monster stated "You must look inside"  The monster began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The beach suddenly shouted "The cars are in the cat"  A dog appeared and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the beach.  The beach suddenly said "The cats are in the pencil"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge dog with ices coming out of its arms.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is a little grotesque"  The dog began to throw some snows at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  I saw a obscure director of the airport with fires all over its tongue.  The airport suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The airport suddenly walked to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny monster with bags all over its tongue.  The monster began to stand on me.  The monster whispered "Why are you so blue?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and whispered "You must look inside"  The monster began to grow much larger.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a monster started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  A scarecrow showed up and stated "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The scarecrow began to throw some fires at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and said "The insects are in the bag"  The cat started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  The cat began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The cat began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The cat shook into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange basement of a bed with snows everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the bed.  I saw a grotesque dog with mice coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The dog began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to smack me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the classroom.  I saw a pale dog with photos on its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the classroom.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with metal squares on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a bed, and I shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the basement of a bed.  I saw a small dinosaur with spikes sticking out of its eyes.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a statue started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  A manager of the beach appeared and sprinted to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a childlike church, and I stopped being worried.  The church suddenly began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the airport.  The airport suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and drove to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shrinking in height in a towering classroom, and I stated "This is extremely bright"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the classroom.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to throw some snows at me.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with dogs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the beach.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the beach.  The house suddenly started melting.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale tin man with photos all over its mouth.  The tin man began to grab me.  The tin man began to kick me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  A dog showed up and began to smack me.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  The dog began to melt, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly began to throw some mice at me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the dining hall.  The church suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a dining hall when all of a sudden a leader of the dining hall said "The fruit are in the mouse"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly gave me some dogs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly went to a airport.  The leader of the dining hall began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The leader of the dining hall started to spit out lots of pencils, and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and began to melt.  The teacher began to smack me.  The teacher began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The scene changed to a airport, with a man absent-mindedly crumbling.  The teacher started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a small bed, and I said "I want to shrink in height"  The bed suddenly began to shoot me.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I whispered "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dorm suddenly walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly gave me some pens, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The teacher began to throw some cats at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and showed me several dogs.  The cat began to smack me.  The cat gave me some photos.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous man with snows coming out of its tongue.  The man began to shoot me.  The man showed me several cats.  The man stated "Why are you so hideous?", and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque statue with pencils on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  The statue whispered "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a house, with a teacher wildly crumbling.  The teacher began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the house.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so graceful?"  

I saw a enormous teacher with lavas coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  The teacher ran to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The monster shouted "You must look inside"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  The monster started to spit out lots of cars.  I saw a red tin man with logs on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  The basement of a island suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The monster shook into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange basement of a bed with metal squares everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the basement of a bed, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a hideous beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?"  The island suddenly gave me some dogs.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  A director of the beach appeared and started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a island, with a monster quickly shrinking in height.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with mice coming out of its legs.  The island suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me drove to a basement of a bed.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a beach.  The teacher started melting.  The teacher began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I saw a graceful dog with metal triangles coming out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the bed.  The teacher started to spit out lots of fruit.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to shake.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "This is a little tiny"  The scarecrow began to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The scarecrow began to kick me.  I saw a large director of the house with bugs coming out of its tongue.  The house suddenly showed me several spikes.  The house suddenly began to melt.  The director of the house continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the bed.  The statue walked to a church.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a statue began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The statue shouted "You must look inside"  I saw a pale person who looked just like me with wooden squares all over its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the bed.  The statue started shaking.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and showed me several glass triangles.  The cat began to smack me, but I threw some fruit at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The cat grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a enormous cat with phones on its tongue.  The cat began to jump over me, but I threw some cats at it and ran away.  The cat walked to a house.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A cat appeared and began to grow much larger.  The cat began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The cat began to grab me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the house.  The cat whispered "Why are you so grotesque?"  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and began to crumble.  The tin man began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I shouted "What's going on?"  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something terrible.  A dinosaur showed up and gave me some bags.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The tin man began to kick me.  The tin man crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a hideous dog with insects on its back.  The dog began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The dog began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly went to a basement of a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the classroom.  The dog shook into nothingness.  

I was shaking in a hideous classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly began to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I said "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly ran to a house.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and showed me several ices.  The statue began to slap me.  The statue whispered "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a beach, with a monster wildly shaking.  The statue gave me some lavas.  The statue began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster began to shrink in height.  The monster began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with pens all over its mouth.  The teacher started melting.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shake.  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and started crumbling.  The dinosaur whispered "The mice are in the glass triangle"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man carefully growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with pens everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I saw a hideous tin man with fruit on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and began to sing to me.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat appeared and began to yell at me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I threw some pens at it and ran away.  The cat began to throw some spikes at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher whispered "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  I saw a green man with snows coming out of its feet.  The teacher began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny man with snows coming out of its arms.  The man began to throw some pencils at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  The man started to spit out lots of fires.  The man began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster started to spit out lots of lavas.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the dining hall.  The monster began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a monster gave me some glass triangles.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the house.  I saw a grotesque tin man with cars all over its legs.  The tin man started melting.  The tin man stated "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and started shaking.  The man began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher wildly shrinking in height.  The man whispered "The snows are in the pen"  A director of the church showed up and stated "That sucks"  The teacher began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and showed me several fruit.  The monster began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a cat absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the island.  The monster began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The glass squares are in the glass square"  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  The bed suddenly began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the airport.  I saw a tiny scarecrow with photos on its legs.  The bed suddenly began to throw some mice at me.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a manager of the island gave me some phones.  The manager of the island began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The manager of the island began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with cars sticking out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The island suddenly went to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The fires are in the bug"  

I was melting in a bright classroom, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the classroom.  I saw a tiny dinosaur with spikes all over its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly said "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike man with mice all over its legs.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The man gave me some cats.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  The man started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with pencils sticking out of its back.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a red tin man with mice on its tongue.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a green cat with cars sticking out of its arms.  The cat drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly went to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A dog appeared and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some bugs at me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the bed.  I saw a massive leader of the bed with cats on its back.  The dog began to smack me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the bed.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a huge dining hall, and I stated "I want to crumble"  The dining hall suddenly walked to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the dining hall.  I saw a pleasant man with ices all over its eyes.  The man began to shrink in height.  The basement of a house suddenly began to melt.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a airport.  The airport suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the airport.  I saw a childlike scarecrow with pencils on its back.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a cat gave me some spikes.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The church suddenly began to slap me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  The cat shouted "That sucks"  The cat walked to a bed.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a small dog with pencils sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The dog began to sing to me, but I threw some photos at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The island suddenly began to melt.  The island suddenly began to grab me.  The dog began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and showed me several wooden triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The cat began to grab me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a airport.  The cat began to shrink in height.  The cat began to shake.  The airport suddenly showed me several wooden squares, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with fruit on its feet.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and began to sing to me.  The statue began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the house.  A monster showed up and began to yell at me.  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and gave me some mice.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man drove to a bed.  The scene changed to a airport, with a scarecrow wildly shaking.  The scarecrow began to throw some cats at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I saw a tiny dinosaur with snows coming out of its legs.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a small dorm, and I began to shake.  The dorm suddenly began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the dorm.  A statue showed up and drove to a house.  The dorm suddenly whispered "The bumps are in the ice"  The statue began to yell at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The statue grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a bright dog with bumps coming out of its toes.  The dog began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me slowly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I saw a large dinosaur with phones all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had done something satisfying thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

A monster appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  The monster drove to a bed.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The beach suddenly went to a dorm.  A scarecrow appeared and began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the bed.  The monster showed me several fires.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a classroom.  The tin man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and began to crumble.  The tin man began to shoot me.  The tin man started to spit out lots of bags.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the house.  The tin man began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and ran to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with cats everywhere.  The house suddenly sprinted to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The church suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The dinosaur drove to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A man showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The man sprinted to a church.  The man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The teacher stated "That sucks"  The teacher walked to a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being worried.  The teacher showed me several pens.  The airport suddenly started melting.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large man with bugs coming out of its tongue.  The man began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  The man began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous tin man with spikes on its eyes.  The tin man began to kick me.  The tin man went to a bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The bed suddenly walked to a beach.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the house.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "The dogs are in the bug"  I saw a green scarecrow with lavas coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The house suddenly drove to a island.  The scarecrow crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a obscure cat with pens coming out of its mouth.  The cat began to stand on me.  The cat went to a basement of a classroom.  The scene changed to a island, with a statue quickly shrinking in height.  The cat began to shake.  I saw a red man with cars sticking out of its tongue.  The statue began to take a photo of me.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the island, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat showed me several snows.  The cat started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the dining hall.  A tin man appeared and began to yell at me.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The cat began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small cat with glass triangles on its toes.  The cat whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The cat started to spit out lots of lavas.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I began to grow much larger.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I saw a pale scarecrow with mice on its tongue.  The basement of a church suddenly began to smack me.  The cat began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a monster began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the cat" thinking this would help.  The monster began to grow much larger.  A statue appeared and began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had done something terrible thinking this would help.  The statue showed me several snows.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous teacher with phones all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a classroom.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The teacher stated "That sucks"  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat grotesque", and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and gave me some wooden triangles.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I don't know why, but I went to a dining hall.  The teacher drove to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed for some reason.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic cat with insects coming out of its tongue.  The cat shouted "Why are you so futuristic?"  The cat began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a island, with a man wildly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the island.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a director of the church ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the classroom.  The director of the church began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the classroom.  The director of the church gave me some cars, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of bumps.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a house.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and ran to a house.  The tin man went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly said "The logs are in the pen", and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I saw a towering scarecrow with photos sticking out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the classroom.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The basement of a classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and walked to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the island.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a dining hall, with a teacher quickly melting.  The teacher shouted "You must look inside"  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The phones are in the lava"  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with lavas everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dorm.  A man appeared and drove to a beach.  The man began to crumble.  The man started shrinking in height.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a dinosaur started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the beach.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  A scarecrow appeared and showed me several snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the beach.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with phones everywhere.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content for some reason.  The dorm suddenly whispered "The ices are in the mouse"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue dinosaur with insects sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't afraid.  The beach suddenly began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic monster with wooden triangles on its legs.  The monster began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The monster started melting.  The monster shook into thin air.  

A teacher appeared and sprinted to a bed.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The teacher started melting.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue carefully shaking.  The statue ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A dog came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to slap me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat blue"  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to throw some bags at me.  The dog began to throw some glass squares at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to throw some spikes at me.  The man ran to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the dorm.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  The man went to a basement of a beach.  The man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The dog gave me some mice.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some photos at me.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow carefully shaking.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the church, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  The dorm suddenly went to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque dog with insects on its mouth.  The dog began to kick me.  The dog began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stated "Who are you?"  The house suddenly began to punch me.  The dog showed me several wooden triangles.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The statue began to shake.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  The statue began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the car" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

I saw a pale dog with bugs coming out of its tongue.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The dog began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being afraid.  The dog began to smack me.  I saw a red monster with pens sticking out of its face.  The monster whispered "Why are you so red?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fires are in the bag" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

A dinosaur appeared and started shaking.  The dinosaur went to a church.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a bed.  The dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a futuristic statue with bumps on its tongue.  The statue drove to a dining hall.  The statue shouted "The wooden squares are in the pencil"  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the house.  The house suddenly stated "The logs are in the fire"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me gave me some cats.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  A monster appeared and started shaking.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  The monster said "You must look inside"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with bumps everywhere.  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and ran to a bed.  The dog began to smack me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike statue with pens sticking out of its eyes.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The statue began to slap me, but I yelled at it "This is very hideous"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The statue began to crumble.  I saw a large teacher with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The phones are in the pen"  

I saw a futuristic teacher with dogs all over its legs.  The teacher started melting.  The teacher started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly showed me several bugs.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The dog began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with photos coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some glass triangles at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  A tin man appeared and began to grow much larger.  The tin man went to a beach.  The person who looked just like me drove to a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a grotesque classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  A monster appeared and drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike dog with dogs all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the island.  The island suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a red basement of a bed, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the bed.  The bed suddenly went to a basement of a dorm.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started to spit out lots of cars.  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  The basement of a bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to melt, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a obscure basement of a dorm, and I wasn't worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly went to a classroom.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow slowly growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to throw some glass squares at me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with fires everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the bed.  I saw a massive teacher with logs on its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  The church suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a tiny airport, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I saw a small man with phones on its toes.  The man started crumbling.  The man showed me several fruit.  The man shook into the ground.  

A monster showed up and began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale dog with pens sticking out of its eyes.  The dog showed me several fruit.  The dog began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the bed.  A dinosaur appeared and gave me some spikes.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  The bed suddenly showed me several pens.  A cat appeared and sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and drove to a church.  The church suddenly began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the church.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man carefully crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a director of the classroom said "The bumps are in the bag"  The director of the classroom ran to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the church.  I saw a tiny cat with spikes coming out of its legs.  The director of the classroom said "The glass triangles are in the lava"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and ran to a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I shot it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the bed.  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful dorm, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the dorm.  I saw a red cat with insects on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The cat began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a pale airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with glass squares sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly shouted "That sucks"  A leader of the church came out of nowhere and began to throw some insects at me.  The leader of the church began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The leader of the church began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a small bed, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of glass squares.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the bed.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a leader of the bed wildly crumbling.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the bed saying "Why are you so blue?"  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a monster began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly stated "That sucks"  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  I saw a tiny tin man with lavas on its eyes.  The airport suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to grab me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  The statue began to slap me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a tiny scarecrow with bags all over its legs.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The airport suddenly showed me several bumps.  The statue shook into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive classroom, and I whispered "This is extremely pleasant"  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man wildly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the classroom.  The tin man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started melting.  The tin man sprinted to a airport.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a island.  The tin man started to spit out lots of mice.  I saw a pleasant monster with bags all over its back.  The tin man started shaking.  The statue began to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and sprinted to a island.  The monster began to shake.  The monster began to throw some fires at me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The monster began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the house.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with bumps everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A dinosaur showed up and began to shake.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The insects are in the dog"  

I saw a futuristic cat with pens all over its tongue.  The cat shouted "The fires are in the mouse"  The cat shouted "Why are you so grotesque?"  The cat shook into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a statue began to grab me.  The church suddenly started melting.  The church suddenly showed me several spikes.  A dog showed up and shouted "The ices are in the fire"  The church suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The church suddenly said "The bumps are in the spike"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a tin man whispered "You must look inside"  The house suddenly ran to a airport.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  A dinosaur showed up and drove to a beach.  The house suddenly went to a basement of a classroom.  The tin man began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the beach.  The beach suddenly gave me some glass squares.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the beach.  The beach suddenly drove to a island, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scarecrow gave me some fires.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a bed.  The island suddenly showed me several pens.  The island suddenly drove to a beach.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a teacher whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  I saw a red person who looked just like me with fruit all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had done something wrong thinking this would help.  The church suddenly started melting.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur appeared and began to jump over me.  The dinosaur gave me some ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur crumbled into nothingness.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful teacher with mice coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a airport.  The teacher showed me several glass squares.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive man with glass squares on its tongue.  The man gave me some fruit.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some mice at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I whispered "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly showed me several bugs.  A cat appeared and began to slap me.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with pens everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the church.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with logs all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the beach.  The beach suddenly whispered "The dogs are in the pen"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge teacher with ices all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to grab me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The bugs are in the fruit"  

A scarecrow showed up and sprinted to a basement of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the basement of a house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scarecrow began to throw some cars at me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with spikes sticking out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some lavas at me.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I wasn't afraid.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of cats.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and began to crumble.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man sprinted to a beach, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a beach.  The classroom suddenly showed me several mice.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a airport.  The beach suddenly stated "The snows are in the spike"  The beach suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and started crumbling.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of bags.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some pens at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the airport.  The dinosaur began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I was growing much larger in a pale airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The airport suddenly whispered "Why are you so pale?"  A man came out of nowhere and walked to a church.  The church suddenly drove to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the house.  The man shook into the ground.  

I was shaking in a obscure airport, and I began to melt.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the airport.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a cat gave me some lavas.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  A dog came out of nowhere and drove to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The fires are in the fire"  

I saw a blue man with snows sticking out of its eyes.  The man shouted "The ices are in the bump"  The man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher quickly shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "Why are you so blue?"  The teacher began to shrink in height.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the house.  The house suddenly began to stand on me.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a basement of a beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with cats sticking out of its back.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stated "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  I saw a large scarecrow with fruit on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bugs at me, but I threw some pens at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque monster with glass squares all over its mouth.  The monster began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The monster stated "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the airport.  I saw a massive manager of the church with fires coming out of its toes.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The church suddenly began to jump over me.  The church suddenly began to smack me, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a green classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a house.  The classroom suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a bright classroom, and I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the bump"  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a island, with a director of the classroom quickly shaking.  The director of the classroom began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The classroom suddenly said "Why are you so bright?"  The director of the classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and whispered "That sucks"  The teacher began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the house.  A statue showed up and gave me some spikes.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me gave me some pencils.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I wasn't worried.  The person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the basement of a beach.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue man with ices all over its toes.  The man stated "The mice are in the metal square"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and began to grab me.  The statue began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The statue started to spit out lots of photos.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher slowly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A tin man appeared and began to smack me.  The tin man drove to a basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The monster began to sing to me.  The monster began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The man started to spit out lots of snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The man began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly started melting.  The island suddenly walked to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green man with logs on its toes.  The man ran to a dining hall.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me slowly melting.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some fruit.  The man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me melted into the ground.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with cars all over its mouth.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I whispered "I want to shake"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I saw a bright man with lavas on its arms.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dining hall.  The basement of a bed suddenly gave me some cats.  The bed suddenly walked to a dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the dining hall.  The island suddenly began to punch me.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike dog with cats all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a tin man wildly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The dog began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster said "The fires are in the bug"  The dining hall suddenly ran to a basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the dining hall.  A tin man appeared and drove to a church.  The tin man began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The scarecrow gave me some spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" for some reason.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a statue went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the island.  The statue gave me some pens.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The statue began to shoot me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The man began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and showed me several lavas.  The dinosaur walked to a house.  The dinosaur ran to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a scarecrow said "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a bed, and I felt a little furious.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to stand on me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to shake.  The island suddenly began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me went to a beach.  I saw a childlike dog with photos sticking out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me gave me some lavas.  The island suddenly began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the island, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow appeared and drove to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to throw some metal squares at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a towering bed, and I felt a little like I had accomplished something great.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The bed suddenly started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shake.  The bed suddenly shouted "Why are you so towering?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried for some reason.  The dorm suddenly shouted "The bumps are in the log", and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a airport.  The statue began to grab me, but I slapped it and ran away.  A tin man came out of nowhere and gave me some photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with bumps sticking out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with cars sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely blue"  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster carefully crumbling.  The bed suddenly began to throw some spikes at me.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  The monster began to kick me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat pale", and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and began to punch me.  The statue began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The statue gave me some bumps.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The statue began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a hideous beach, and I wasn't afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the beach.  I saw a tiny man with phones sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright man with bumps on its arms.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The man shouted "The logs are in the bump"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The man started growing much larger.  The man ran to a bed.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with phones on its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny man with phones on its arms.  The man began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the dining hall.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the dining hall.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

A monster appeared and began to shrink in height.  The monster began to punch me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The monster began to sing to me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the classroom.  I saw a pleasant man with snows coming out of its mouth.  The man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the house.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a monster carefully crumbling.  The monster ran to a bed.  The classroom suddenly went to a beach.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a monster said "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the basement of a house.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  A statue appeared and gave me some logs.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  The statue began to take a photo of me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a futuristic dorm, and I wasn't afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  A monster came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The monster began to kick me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely small"  The dorm suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike statue with photos on its feet.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The statue began to crumble.  The statue shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a red dog with ices all over its face.  The dog began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dog gave me some logs.  The dog melted into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a cat stated "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The cat started shaking.  A monster appeared and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The house suddenly went to a beach.  The monster grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with cats all over its toes.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scarecrow sprinted to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a manager of the dining hall quickly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly like I had accomplished something wrong for some reason.  A dog appeared and ran to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge dog with bumps on its tongue.  The dog ran to a bed.  The dog began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dog began to grow much larger.  I saw a childlike dinosaur with spikes on its toes.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the bed.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The man started shrinking in height.  The man shouted "Why are you so obscure?"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had accomplished something great for some reason.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The monster began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The classroom suddenly ran to a basement of a dining hall.  The scarecrow grew much larger into nothingness.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to sing to me.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the beach.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a teacher began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the house.  The teacher showed me several ices.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The classroom suddenly walked to a bed.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The glass triangles are in the photo"  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The dog began to melt.  The tin man sprinted to a bed.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic dog with bumps coming out of its toes.  The dog began to stand on me.  The dog began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly stated "That sucks"  A tin man showed up and started shrinking in height.  The dog began to crumble.  The tin man sprinted to a basement of a house.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and showed me several dogs.  The statue began to slap me.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small scarecrow with snows on its tongue.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat slowly shrinking in height.  The scarecrow showed me several cars.  A tin man came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the airport.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster showed up and gave me some mice.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The monster said "The bags are in the bump"  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a tin man gave me some phones.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the house.  I saw a pleasant monster with ices all over its eyes.  The tin man began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the house.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with bumps all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The dinosaur began to melt.  I saw a obscure statue with snows on its arms.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to throw some spikes at me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The island suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque cat with bumps on its tongue.  The cat started melting.  The cat started to spit out lots of snows.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the church.  The cat began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat grew much larger into nothingness.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pale teacher with pencils sticking out of its eyes.  The teacher began to crumble.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat quickly shrinking in height.  The cat began to shake.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a red dinosaur with logs on its back.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a basement of a island.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the island.  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with insects coming out of its mouth.  The basement of a island suddenly went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

A monster came out of nowhere and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The monster began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a man quickly crumbling.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  I saw a green dinosaur with insects coming out of its eyes.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some wooden squares at me.  The dinosaur grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a obscure scarecrow with photos coming out of its arms.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

I saw a obscure cat with glass squares on its arms.  The cat started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a airport when all of a sudden a teacher began to melt.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher slowly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I saw a large tin man with pens coming out of its mouth.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike man with photos all over its face.  The man started to spit out lots of logs.  The man began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a dinosaur carefully crumbling.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I saw a grotesque leader of the basement of a classroom with bags coming out of its mouth.  The man said "You must look inside"  The basement of a classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The leader of the basement of a classroom shook into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fires are in the snow" thinking this would help.  A man showed up and showed me several bugs.  The man sprinted to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly began to melt, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some photos at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me.  A teacher showed up and started crumbling.  The tin man began to punch me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The tin man began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The tin man crumbled into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I said "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly gave me some pencils, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with cats all over its feet.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow stated "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with bumps coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The person who looked just like me showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The glass squares are in the wooden square"  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  A manager of the house appeared and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The wooden squares are in the fruit" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the house.  The manager of the house grew much larger into nothingness.  

A monster showed up and started growing much larger.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The monster began to throw some cats at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  A person who looked just like me showed up and went to a beach.  The person who looked just like me showed me several metal triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster started melting.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I shouted "This is extremely huge"  The monster started shaking.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The monster melted into nothingness.  

I saw a large man with cats all over its tongue.  The man began to shoot me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the dorm.  I saw a small monster with pencils coming out of its feet.  The monster began to crumble.  The man began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and started crumbling.  The dog whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to crumble.  The dog began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a airport.  The airport suddenly began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the classroom.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a classroom.  The beach suddenly said "The lavas are in the spike"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the classroom.  The beach suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike cat with glass squares on its legs.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a obscure beach, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The beach suddenly walked to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  The airport suddenly drove to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely blue" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant man with wooden squares on its legs.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The man started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large scarecrow with pencils all over its back.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The scarecrow began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with fruit all over its back.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass triangles at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being concerned.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat tiny"  I saw a blue man with wooden triangles on its tongue.  The man walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike tin man with ices coming out of its mouth.  The tin man began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The phones are in the insect"  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with insects everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the beach.  The beach suddenly said "Why are you so pleasant?"  A cat showed up and started shaking.  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The cat began to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a large teacher with insects on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The teacher began to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I was shaking in a pleasant church, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the church.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  A man showed up and began to grab me.  The man began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The church suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a blue bed, and I stopped being scared.  The bed suddenly began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the bed.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me wildly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed for some reason.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The tin man began to jump over me.  A leader of the dorm appeared and gave me some bags.  The tin man began to smack me, but I yelled at it "This is a little red"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the dorm.  The leader of the dorm continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to punch me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The teacher began to stand on me, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The statue began to punch me.  The statue started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a bright monster with lavas sticking out of its back.  The monster began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the beach.  I saw a childlike cat with dogs sticking out of its face.  The beach suddenly began to throw some spikes at me.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a small tin man with bugs coming out of its face.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The tin man began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I said "This is very green"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the airport.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something great.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  The tin man shook into thin air.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with glass squares everywhere.  The bed suddenly began to smack me.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I saw a huge man with mice all over its tongue.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a bed.  The bed suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The bed suddenly began to jump over me.  I don't know why, but I went to a church.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  The church suddenly walked to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with logs on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some metal squares at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dining hall.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  A man showed up and began to throw some pens at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the bed.  The man began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a towering classroom, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?"  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  The classroom suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly began to melt.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a large scarecrow with snows sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  The scarecrow said "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful dog with fires sticking out of its arms.  The dog began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the metal square" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a man wildly melting.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  A monster showed up and went to a dorm.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a graceful basement of a dorm, and I said "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious thinking this would help.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly said "The bugs are in the pen"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a graceful airport, and I shouted "This is very huge"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  I saw a childlike tin man with logs on its mouth.  The tin man drove to a house.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so massive?"  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the dorm.  The island suddenly began to kick me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike man with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The man gave me some photos.  The man began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some fires at me.  A cat showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The man shouted "Why are you so childlike?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large man with mice coming out of its tongue.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The man began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and began to sing to me.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The man started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt slightly worried.  The airport suddenly went to a dining hall.  I saw a hideous monster with ices sticking out of its toes.  The man ran to a dorm.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a hideous basement of a basement of a house, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The basement of a basement of a house suddenly sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the classroom.  I saw a pleasant cat with glass triangles sticking out of its feet.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

I was growing much larger in a small bed, and I felt strangely like I had done something great.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "Who are you?"  The bed suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the spike" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  I saw a large dinosaur with cars on its arms.  The airport suddenly walked to a beach.  The dinosaur sprinted to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a cat shouted "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The classroom suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I wasn't happy about it.  The cat went to a church.  The cat began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly gave me some bags.  A statue appeared and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The statue grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a towering cat with cats sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely green" for some reason.  The cat began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt strangely like I had accomplished something wrong.  The cat started crumbling.  The cat began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some mice, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and began to punch me.  The cat began to slap me.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and walked to a island.  The tin man began to throw some bags at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The island suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The tin man stated "The mice are in the photo", and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure scarecrow with snows all over its tongue.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me.  The scarecrow began to melt, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a enormous bed, and I said "This is very childlike"  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the bed.  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a man wildly shrinking in height.  The man began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

A statue showed up and started crumbling.  The statue began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The statue started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The teacher started crumbling.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow carefully melting.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I saw a massive statue with lavas all over its mouth.  The teacher started to spit out lots of logs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the dining hall.  A man showed up and started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the dining hall.  The man began to grow much larger.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  A man came out of nowhere and showed me several fires.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The man began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A cat appeared and started melting.  The cat began to shoot me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a pale cat with pencils sticking out of its tongue.  The cat began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The cat began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "This is a little childlike"  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a large classroom, and I felt very content.  The classroom suddenly began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the classroom.  A person who looked just like me showed up and shouted "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Why are you so towering?"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green man with cars on its tongue.  The man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a blue airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  The basement of a classroom suddenly ran to a bed, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and started to spit out lots of photos.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The dinosaur showed me several pens.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dinosaur sprinted to a airport.  The bed suddenly stated "The cats are in the pencil"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

A monster showed up and walked to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the dining hall.  I don't know why, but I went to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I saw a enormous cat with pens all over its back.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with pens everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely large" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some lavas.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dinosaur carefully growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the dorm.  The tin man started shaking.  A statue appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  The dorm suddenly ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with bags everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the airport.  The scene changed to a bed, with a leader of the bed carefully crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the bed.  The leader of the bed began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into the ground.  

A teacher appeared and walked to a basement of a dining hall.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a man said "You must look inside"  The man started crumbling.  The man began to shake.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and started crumbling.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The man began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The monster started shaking.  The monster walked to a house.  The monster grew much larger into nothingness.  

A statue showed up and shouted "That sucks"  The statue began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The statue began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale man with cars all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The man began to melt.  I saw a obscure dog with bugs sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cats are in the spike" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and walked to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the classroom.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to melt.  The monster gave me some spikes.  I saw a massive cat with photos coming out of its mouth.  The monster began to stand on me, but I threw some pencils at it and ran away.  The cat went to a airport.  The monster shrunk in height into thin air.  

A statue showed up and began to throw some cats at me.  The statue went to a island.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The tin man whispered "The spikes are in the bump"  The island suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with pencils coming out of its face.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something great.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a scarecrow slowly crumbling.  The church suddenly began to kick me.  I saw a enormous tin man with photos on its legs.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The tin man walked to a island.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a childlike beach, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The beach suddenly sprinted to a basement of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the basement of a church.  A tin man showed up and whispered "Why are you so childlike?"  The tin man drove to a island.  The tin man began to throw some mice at me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I saw a blue person who looked just like me with ices on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a director of the dining hall absent-mindedly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I saw a large cat with pencils on its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and started melting.  The cat sprinted to a bed.  The cat began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  A dog appeared and began to grab me.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with dogs all over its toes.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I shouted "That sucks"  The airport suddenly gave me some fires.  I saw a childlike statue with bumps on its legs.  The dinosaur shouted "The spikes are in the insect"  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The statue showed me several ices, and I smiled.  

I saw a red man with logs sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The man began to sing to me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The man began to slap me.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  The monster began to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to melt.  The monster started shaking.  A cat showed up and drove to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the dog" for some reason.  The monster walked to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The cat began to throw some insects at me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely blue"  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue quickly shaking.  The beach suddenly said "Why are you so blue?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the beach.  The cat crumbled into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man walked to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the beach.  The dorm suddenly gave me some spikes.  A dog came out of nowhere and showed me several cats.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the beach.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The tin man started melting, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and whispered "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a dog slowly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  A dinosaur showed up and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

I saw a graceful man with fruit sticking out of its legs.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man started shaking.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a airport.  The man began to crumble.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The snows are in the snow"  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with cars all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog slowly shaking.  The dog began to slap me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque tin man with phones on its eyes.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The tin man began to smack me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog carefully growing much larger.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I saw a obscure cat with mice all over its arms.  The tin man showed me several pencils.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous monster with insects sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The monster started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly gave me some phones.  I saw a bright person who looked just like me with mice sticking out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a bed.  The monster began to jump over me, but I threw some cats at it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow drove to a basement of a basement of a dining hall.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

A statue appeared and gave me some lavas.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The statue began to grab me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The statue began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The statue began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque statue with lavas sticking out of its mouth.  The statue began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a dinosaur wildly melting.  The island suddenly whispered "Why are you so grotesque?"  I saw a pale man with pencils coming out of its legs.  The island suddenly said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the ice" thinking this would help.  The statue melted into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me gave me some fruit.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the airport.  A teacher appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly ran to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so blue?"  

I was shrinking in height in a red bed, and I began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a large airport, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me quickly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the beach.  The person who looked just like me gave me some bumps.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with bumps everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the bed.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the dining hall.  The bed suddenly said "The insects are in the bug", and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to melt.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a pleasant basement of a island, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green outside the beach.  The island suddenly whispered "Why are you so pleasant?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow carefully crumbling.  The basement of a island suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering man with wooden triangles all over its arms.  The man began to take a photo of me.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The cars are in the glass triangle"  

I saw a tiny monster with pens all over its arms.  The monster began to shoot me.  The monster began to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to throw some cars at me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something great.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a large dog with pens coming out of its feet.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dog began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't afraid.  The dog began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I saw a green teacher with logs sticking out of its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the airport.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  The airport suddenly began to throw some lavas at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with bags sticking out of its arms.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  The dinosaur began to grab me.  The dinosaur shook into the ground.  

I saw a hideous man with mice coming out of its back.  The man began to shoot me.  The man began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with phones all over its tongue.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?"  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a green teacher with snows coming out of its arms.  The teacher began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a bed.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The island suddenly began to grab me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher quickly shrinking in height.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the bed, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange island on top of a house.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "Why are you so futuristic?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being worried.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of glass squares.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The man began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The man melted into nothingness.  

I saw a red dinosaur with pens sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried thinking this would help.  The dinosaur whispered "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a manager of the dorm started to spit out lots of pens.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the dorm.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started melting.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  The manager of the dorm went to a church.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The cat began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to crumble.  The classroom suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The cat began to melt.  The cat crumbled into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly began to punch me.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I wasn't concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of glass squares.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the bed, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and showed me several ices.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to throw some bugs at me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat red"  The monster began to crumble, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to shoot me.  The dinosaur said "That sucks"  The dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The cat began to melt.  The cat showed me several phones.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dorm.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The cat began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat said "The bags are in the pen", and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic house, and I stopped being concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the house.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly shouted "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a small classroom, and I said "Hello?"  The classroom suddenly ran to a bed.  The bed suddenly drove to a basement of a beach.  A statue appeared and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the basement of a beach.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and ran to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the beach.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and went to a classroom.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly showed me several cars.  The cat crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a futuristic monster with ices sticking out of its mouth.  The monster began to crumble.  The monster began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur carefully melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  The monster began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike man with bugs sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The man began to throw some mice at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The man shook into thin air.  

I was shaking in a pleasant church, and I heard a voice say "The cats are in the insect"  The church suddenly gave me some phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the church, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic statue with cars all over its eyes.  The statue began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The statue began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The scene changed to a airport, with a scarecrow carefully shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The man began to kick me.  The man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely pale"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the bed.  The man began to throw some lavas at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a red island, and I felt strangely anxious.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being happy about it.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The dorm suddenly gave me some cats.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a dining hall.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  The dorm suddenly stated "That sucks"  A cat appeared and started to spit out lots of cars.  The cat started crumbling.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with cats everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the dorm.  I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with mice sticking out of its mouth.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a director of the church gave me some wooden triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the church.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a statue carefully crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the classroom.  The statue sprinted to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the basement of a classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue man with ices on its legs.  The man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a tin man absent-mindedly shaking.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with bugs sticking out of its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the basement of a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me ran to a airport.  The statue began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a large dorm, and I wasn't worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  A man showed up and began to crumble.  The dorm suddenly gave me some fires.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the dorm.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a large person who looked just like me with cats all over its face.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of photos.  I don't know why, but I went to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of cars.  A statue came out of nowhere and drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The statue shrunk in height into thin air.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bags everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely red" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the church.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with pens everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the church, and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I saw a hideous dog with cars on its feet.  The dog began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very childlike" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The teacher went to a classroom.  The teacher started to spit out lots of cats.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dining hall.  The teacher stated "Why are you so pale?"  The dining hall suddenly whispered "The cars are in the pencil"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous cat with dogs all over its mouth.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The cat began to melt.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man quickly growing much larger.  The house suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I saw a red monster with pens all over its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with mice on its mouth.  The person who looked just like me gave me some fires.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a statue gave me some metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something great.  A teacher came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  The teacher stated "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly stated "The fruit are in the fire"  The teacher melted into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a obscure airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the airport.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man slowly crumbling.  The tin man began to throw some pens at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The airport suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The teacher walked to a church.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The teacher began to yell at me.  I saw a futuristic statue with lavas all over its eyes.  The classroom suddenly gave me some fruit.  The teacher started to spit out lots of pencils.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with mice everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I saw a towering dinosaur with cats coming out of its back.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a tiny bed, and I heard a voice say "The phones are in the snow"  The bed suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and began to yell at me.  The dog gave me some cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The dog went to a house, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge statue with logs on its tongue.  The statue gave me some pencils.  The statue showed me several mice.  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man slowly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge dinosaur with glass triangles sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to throw some pens at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly gave me some fruit.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and started crumbling.  The man shouted "Why are you so bright?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  I saw a tiny manager of the beach with bugs coming out of its eyes.  The man started shrinking in height.  The manager of the beach showed me several logs.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the beach saying "The photos are in the bug"  

A monster appeared and showed me several fruit.  The monster began to throw some ices at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the island.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something terrible.  The monster melted into thin air.  

I saw a blue dog with logs on its back.  The dog began to shoot me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dog whispered "Why are you so blue?"  The dog began to throw some dogs at me, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a grotesque house, and I whispered "This is a little bright"  The house suddenly ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly walked to a dining hall.  A scarecrow showed up and drove to a basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the wooden square" for some reason.  The house suddenly began to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so grotesque?"  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the dorm.  A dog appeared and sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the dorm.  The dog crumbled into the ground.  

I was melting in a tiny airport, and I whispered "Hello?"  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  The airport suddenly began to sing to me.  A man came out of nowhere and began to throw some mice at me.  The airport suddenly drove to a bed.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the church.  I saw a pale dog with pencils all over its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the church.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the church, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale cat with wooden squares on its arms.  The cat gave me some bags.  The cat began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so pale?"  

I saw a enormous tin man with bags on its back.  The tin man started to spit out lots of metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger", and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a cat went to a church.  The cat began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the church.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dinosaur quickly crumbling.  The church suddenly said "You must look inside"  The cat began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dinosaur ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the airport.  I saw a large director of the dorm with fruit coming out of its face.  The director of the dorm shouted "The metal triangles are in the insect"  The director of the dorm started to spit out lots of insects.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The monster began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I saw a massive scarecrow with logs coming out of its toes.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The scarecrow began to melt.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly sprinted to a island.  A director of the house showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The director of the house drove to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the director of the house saying "The pens are in the fruit"  

A teacher appeared and gave me some ices.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I threw some fires at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a beach, with a tin man absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the dining hall.  A person who looked just like me showed up and drove to a dorm.  The teacher began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The teacher showed me several snows.  The tin man started crumbling, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with snows everywhere.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the dorm.  A dinosaur showed up and started melting.  The dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly said "The mice are in the log"  The dinosaur shouted "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant cat with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  The cat went to a house.  The house suddenly began to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and said "The phones are in the log"  The statue began to melt.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some fires at me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The dog began to throw some snows at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dog sprinted to a dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stated "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The dog went to a island.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of ices.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is a little blue"  I don't know why, but I went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is somewhat huge" for some reason.  The basement of a bed suddenly ran to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike dorm, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green man with cars all over its feet.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cats are in the bump" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly walked to a beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The teacher began to jump over me.  I saw a large person who looked just like me with fruit on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very terrified for some reason.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster appeared and began to yell at me.  The monster began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The monster started to spit out lots of fruit.  I don't know why, but I went to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The monster showed me several bumps.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale tin man with insects coming out of its toes.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely massive"  The tin man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a house, with a statue wildly crumbling.  The house suddenly began to throw some pens at me.  I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with cats sticking out of its face.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The ices are in the pencil"  

A statue came out of nowhere and showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The statue began to shrink in height.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the bed.  The statue began to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat began to crumble.  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a dog absent-mindedly shaking.  The dining hall suddenly went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so green?"  

A monster appeared and stated "The pencils are in the spike"  The monster began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the dining hall.  The monster gave me some cats.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright tin man with pens all over its eyes.  The tin man began to throw some mice at me.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt very like I had done something wrong.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a enormous dorm, and I said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had done something terrible thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly ran to a church.  I saw a towering teacher with lavas all over its toes.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The church suddenly walked to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a grotesque dog with pens coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content thinking this would help.  The dog shouted "You must look inside"  I don't know why, but I went to a airport.  The dog began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The man gave me some logs.  The man began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with pencils everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the island.  The island suddenly began to throw some cats at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The island suddenly started melting.  The island suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason, and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a man absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The man began to throw some cats at me.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The man started to spit out lots of mice.  The beach suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and showed me several insects.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow walked to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog began to shoot me.  The dog began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly began to throw some wooden squares at me.  I saw a green man with mice all over its legs.  The dog began to kick me.  The dog began to punch me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me went to a basement of a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure statue with ices coming out of its mouth.  The statue went to a beach.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The statue began to throw some fires at me, but I shouted at it "This is a little childlike"  A man appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly ran to a island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful dog with pens on its arms.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to kick me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat wildly shaking.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  A man appeared and began to throw some photos at me.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The cat began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A statue appeared and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  The statue began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with snows everywhere.  The house suddenly gave me some photos.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the house.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and walked to a basement of a bed.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The basement of a bed suddenly drove to a house.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur slowly crumbling.  The tin man said "You must look inside"  I saw a grotesque scarecrow with cats on its arms.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  A monster showed up and began to jump over me.  The monster began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the dorm.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with photos on its mouth.  The dinosaur began to shake.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure cat with ices coming out of its mouth.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The cat began to yell at me, but I threw some pens at it and ran away.  The cat began to grab me, but I screamed at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a massive dog with bugs sticking out of its mouth.  The dog ran to a dorm.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I said "What's going on?"  The dorm suddenly went to a bed.  I saw a green statue with ices all over its legs.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the airport.  The statue grew much larger into thin air.  

A man came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The man began to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher showed me several wooden squares.  The teacher showed me several insects.  The teacher started to spit out lots of logs.  A tin man showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a futuristic airport, and I wasn't worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the bug" thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat slowly shrinking in height.  The cat began to smack me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a airport.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed thinking this would help.  I saw a large tin man with insects on its tongue.  The tin man began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" for some reason.  The tin man crumbled into nothingness.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a small cat with lavas sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The cat began to slap me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so small?"  

I was shaking in a childlike island, and I shouted "This is extremely enormous"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the island.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the basement of a bed, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a large house, and I stated "Hello?"  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly said "The cats are in the ice"  A monster came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The monster began to punch me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a dog went to a dorm.  The island suddenly began to punch me.  The island suddenly began to sing to me.  I saw a grotesque manager of the island with bags on its face.  The manager of the island began to throw some cats at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The manager of the island said "You must look inside"  The dog melted into the ground.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with pencils all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher quickly melting.  The person who looked just like me stated "That sucks"  The teacher gave me some cars.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly ran to a house.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a tin man began to melt.  The tin man walked to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the church.  I saw a pale teacher with pens all over its legs.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The tin man melted into nothingness.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a church when all of a sudden a dog started shrinking in height.  The dog began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The basement of a church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The dog began to grab me.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The bumps are in the log"  

I saw a obscure tin man with bags all over its arms.  The tin man began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The tin man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I saw a childlike man with fruit sticking out of its back.  The man shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small dinosaur with insects on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly showed me several pens.  I saw a hideous man with pencils on its legs.  The man shouted "The snows are in the lava"  The man began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic teacher with dogs on its legs.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and went to a house.  The tin man gave me some glass triangles.  The house suddenly began to throw some mice at me.  The scene changed to a island, with a monster wildly shrinking in height.  The tin man started growing much larger.  I saw a green cat with fruit sticking out of its face.  The house suddenly said "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the island.  The tin man started to spit out lots of dogs, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The man began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and showed me several photos.  The tin man showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a bright beach, and I felt slightly terrified.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I saw a graceful man with cars coming out of its feet.  The man began to shake.  The beach suddenly stated "The fires are in the bag"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a man ran to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly went to a airport.  The man gave me some spikes.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher absent-mindedly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the dorm.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the airport, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow went to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the beach.  A man appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The man began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny cat with spikes on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a dog absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dog began to shoot me.  I saw a blue man with dogs all over its tongue.  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the house.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so blue?"  

A man came out of nowhere and walked to a island.  The man began to stand on me.  The man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the island.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The tin man went to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt strangely worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the church.  The tin man gave me some cars.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure monster with cars sticking out of its back.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The monster said "Hey man, it happens"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly whispered "That sucks"  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and showed me several pencils.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the church.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with bumps everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the island.  The island suddenly said "Why are you so massive?"  I saw a pleasant monster with logs sticking out of its feet.  The monster began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The monster began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The island suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and showed me several cars.  The teacher began to grab me.  The teacher ran to a house.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur appeared and began to punch me.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dog slowly shaking.  The dog went to a island.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dinosaur said "The phones are in the glass square"  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I threw some fires at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the dining hall.  A dinosaur appeared and gave me some bumps.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright monster with glass squares coming out of its face.  The monster began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The monster whispered "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The monster began to throw some phones at me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  I saw a massive dog with spikes coming out of its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the beach.  The beach suddenly gave me some bags.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The scarecrow showed me several cars.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure man with insects all over its arms.  The man whispered "Why are you so obscure?"  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shoot me.  A dinosaur appeared and started melting.  The man gave me some bumps.  The man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a pale cat with pens on its arms.  The cat gave me some metal squares.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The cat grew much larger into thin air.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the church.  A man came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  The island suddenly began to smack me.  A dinosaur appeared and stated "The mice are in the lava"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny monster with cars coming out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike statue with mice sticking out of its legs.  The statue began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  The statue began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dining hall.  The statue began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Why are you so futuristic?"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny man with wooden squares all over its mouth.  The man began to grab me.  The man began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The bed suddenly began to slap me.  The bed suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale dog with pencils sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dog began to throw some pens at me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something great.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with metal squares everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little futuristic" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so futuristic?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous man with fires all over its toes.  The man began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The man started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright cat with cats sticking out of its eyes.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The cat began to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The cat began to melt.  The cat began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The cat shook into the ground.  

I saw a enormous teacher with mice sticking out of its face.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The teacher began to slap me, but I yelled at it "This is a little pleasant"  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  The teacher stated "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to throw some wooden squares at me, but I shot it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a massive dining hall, and I stopped being worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the dining hall.  A scarecrow showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some cats.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant dog with wooden squares sticking out of its toes.  The dog began to slap me, but I threw some mice at it and ran away.  The dog began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the island.  I saw a obscure man with pens sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The island suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

A monster appeared and walked to a island.  The monster began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a large dog with dogs on its face.  The dog began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The dog began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to slap me.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  I don't know why, but I ran to a church.  The dinosaur started shaking.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to melt.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque teacher with dogs all over its feet.  The teacher gave me some logs.  The teacher walked to a beach.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a basement of a house, with a cat wildly crumbling.  The house suddenly began to shake.  The basement of a basement of a house suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange basement of a island with dogs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the basement of a island.  I saw a blue teacher with lavas all over its legs.  The teacher began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The teacher began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure classroom, and I stopped being scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had done something wrong for some reason.  A dog appeared and ran to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a director of the island shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the pen" for some reason.  The director of the island began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur quickly growing much larger.  The island suddenly began to throw some logs at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the island.  The director of the island started melting, and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  A dinosaur showed up and shouted "Why are you so red?"  The tin man walked to a basement of a bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with pencils on its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  A teacher showed up and shouted "Why are you so futuristic?"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some pens at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me drove to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me shook into nothingness.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The statue began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The statue started to spit out lots of metal squares.  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something great.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and started to spit out lots of photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the cat" thinking this would help.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The scarecrow started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and began to kick me.  The monster started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The monster walked to a basement of a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The monster showed me several fruit.  The church suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow gave me some metal squares.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  A director of the dining hall came out of nowhere and ran to a beach.  The director of the dining hall walked to a classroom.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The director of the dining hall grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a green tin man with ices sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is very blue"  The tin man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure cat with bumps on its legs.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat said "The glass triangles are in the mouse"  The scene changed to a airport, with a man slowly shrinking in height.  The cat started crumbling.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small statue with ices coming out of its toes.  The statue began to throw some bumps at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue began to throw some snows at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the dining hall.  I saw a graceful scarecrow with cats coming out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  The statue began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The logs are in the cat"  

A man showed up and began to punch me.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The man gave me some phones.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster quickly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the classroom.  I saw a small person who looked just like me with metal triangles coming out of its back.  The classroom suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a airport.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly shouted "The cats are in the log"  The island suddenly stated "The bags are in the fire"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The island suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and showed me several bags.  The monster began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The monster started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a basement of a beach.  The monster began to throw some cars at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The monster ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and shouted "That sucks"  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the snow" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful man with wooden triangles on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  The man started melting.  A monster came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The beach suddenly ran to a island.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to smack me.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic basement of a beach, and I said "This is extremely enormous"  The basement of a beach suddenly started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The beach suddenly went to a bed.  A director of the basement of a beach appeared and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the basement of a beach.  The director of the basement of a beach continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a enormous house, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the house.  A statue showed up and began to punch me.  The statue began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The cat began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The cat began to slap me, but I screamed at it "This is very tiny"  The cat melted into nothingness.  

I saw a pale tin man with lavas on its legs.  The tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and walked to a bed.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the glass triangle" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  I saw a green cat with mice on its face.  The cat went to a island.  The scarecrow drove to a beach.  The scarecrow began to shake, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and stated "The pens are in the cat"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The monster began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful monster with spikes all over its mouth.  The monster started to spit out lots of insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the mouse" for some reason.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A monster showed up and began to punch me.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster began to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale monster with dogs all over its mouth.  The monster began to melt.  The monster ran to a airport.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me carefully crumbling.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a graceful statue with dogs coming out of its toes.  The statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to shoot me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the airport.  A monster showed up and sprinted to a dining hall.  The statue stated "Why are you so pleasant?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the airport.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a pleasant beach, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the snow" for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a manager of the beach quickly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The manager of the beach began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  The manager of the beach shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a small statue with fires sticking out of its tongue.  The statue began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The statue began to slap me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I shouted "This is a little huge"  The statue began to melt.  A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the church.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a pleasant classroom, and I stopped being concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content for some reason.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The teacher said "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The bumps are in the dog"  

I saw a futuristic man with bumps sticking out of its toes.  The man started shrinking in height.  The man started melting.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the church.  The man started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a island.  The dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the dorm.  I saw a green cat with snows on its back.  The island suddenly sprinted to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue teacher with snows coming out of its feet.  The teacher began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a man wildly shrinking in height.  The teacher gave me some fires.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The fruit are in the cat"  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I saw a green leader of the classroom with lavas coming out of its toes.  The leader of the classroom gave me some phones.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive teacher with metal triangles on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the dog" for some reason.  The teacher started shaking.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a scarecrow quickly melting.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  I saw a blue cat with phones sticking out of its mouth.  The island suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with bugs sticking out of its arms.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man wildly shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a cat started to spit out lots of pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to throw some photos at me.  I saw a green statue with cars all over its arms.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  The cat gave me some snows.  The cat grew much larger into the ground.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the church.  A monster showed up and gave me some metal triangles.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The monster began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure cat with cars all over its eyes.  The cat began to melt.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a church, with a leader of the church carefully crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the church.  The cat walked to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the church, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me quickly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with mice sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The person who looked just like me drove to a house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to melt.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I whispered "I want to crumble"  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The dog started melting.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I saw a obscure cat with pens all over its face.  The cat gave me some bumps.  The cat began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the house.  I saw a towering tin man with wooden triangles on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly showed me several insects.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a towering man with fruit all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?" thinking this would help.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small man with photos all over its feet.  The man showed me several spikes.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the phone" thinking this would help.  The statue began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so huge?"  

I saw a pale person who looked just like me with pencils all over its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a house, with a statue wildly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the house.  I saw a bright tin man with mice on its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the house.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a basement of a basement of a bed, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and gave me some lavas.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat quickly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I saw a obscure tin man with mice sticking out of its face.  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a green monster with spikes coming out of its eyes.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a small scarecrow with bugs on its tongue.  The scarecrow said "Why are you so small?"  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  The scene changed to a house, with a statue absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The scarecrow stated "The cars are in the pen"  I saw a large person who looked just like me with spikes sticking out of its face.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of insects.  The tin man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I was crumbling in a pale airport, and I heard a voice say "The ices are in the log"  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I saw a obscure tin man with lavas sticking out of its toes.  The tin man began to throw some bugs at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The airport suddenly gave me some cars.  The airport suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue person who looked just like me with cars coming out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a tin man absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and began to throw some cats at me.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The tin man gave me some insects.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't scared.  The tin man began to crumble.  I saw a pale scarecrow with bumps coming out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the house.  The scarecrow began to throw some glass squares at me, but I tried to get it to throw some bugs at me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so pale?"  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  The scarecrow began to sing to me.  The church suddenly gave me some bugs.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was melting in a pleasant bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several bumps.  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some bags.  The dog began to grow much larger.  The dog began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a statue began to take a photo of me.  The statue began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is a little obscure"  The beach suddenly drove to a island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The statue began to throw some wooden squares at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The statue began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue grew much larger into nothingness.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and gave me some cats.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of lavas.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A monster appeared and began to shoot me.  The monster began to crumble.  The monster whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The monster started melting.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  The bed suddenly stated "That sucks"  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little huge" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a grotesque island, and I shouted "I want to shrink in height"  The island suddenly began to melt.  The island suddenly walked to a beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The classroom suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The cat began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The cat shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with pens coming out of its legs.  The tin man began to throw some glass squares at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The tin man began to shake.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a house.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The tin man melted into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the dining hall.  The monster began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the dining hall.  The monster began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly gave me some glass squares.  I saw a grotesque monster with bags sticking out of its back.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous cat with insects on its tongue.  The cat began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is a little pleasant"  The cat started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several logs.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a towering basement of a airport, and I shouted "I want to grow much larger"  The airport suddenly drove to a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the church.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a huge airport, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the airport.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a massive leader of the airport with lavas sticking out of its mouth.  The leader of the airport started growing much larger.  The airport suddenly drove to a dorm.  The leader of the airport crumbled into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with dogs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the classroom.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a monster quickly crumbling.  The monster began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The monster began to throw some metal triangles at me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a tiny cat with mice on its tongue.  The cat began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and drove to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the dining hall.  The dog began to kick me, but I threw some ices at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a bright teacher with logs on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of spikes.  The man started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the bed.  I don't know why, but I drove to a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly began to shake.  The man ran to a dorm.  The man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of cats.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some pencils at me.  The dog sprinted to a house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The house suddenly whispered "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a cat began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the airport.  I saw a large monster with dogs all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  The monster began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a tin man started shaking.  The tin man walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a airport.  The tin man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The tin man showed me several fruit.  The tin man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a hideous dog with pencils all over its arms.  The dog said "The insects are in the fire"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  The dog melted into nothingness.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The monster began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is very green"  The monster drove to a island.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I saw a towering dinosaur with bugs all over its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

A cat showed up and gave me some photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly like I had accomplished something satisfying for some reason.  The cat began to grab me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a church.  The cat began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The cat began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The cat crumbled into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a towering basement of a beach, and I wasn't afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the beach.  The basement of a beach suddenly started melting.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of mice.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The tin man began to grab me.  The tin man crumbled into thin air.  

I was melting in a graceful dorm, and I began to shake.  The dorm suddenly said "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green dinosaur with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  The statue gave me some wooden squares.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shoot me.  A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several photos.  The teacher began to throw some fruit at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge man with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The man shouted "The pens are in the cat"  The man began to slap me.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a small dinosaur with pencils sticking out of its arms.  The dinosaur started melting.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "The pens are in the insect"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the church.  I saw a huge statue with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a cat went to a church.  The church suddenly began to shake.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a house.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the classroom.  A teacher came out of nowhere and ran to a church.  The teacher began to throw some cars at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The church suddenly gave me some snows.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and showed me several mice.  The statue showed me several cars.  The statue stated "Hey man, it happens"  The statue gave me some bugs, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with cats everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to kick me.  A statue appeared and stated "That sucks"  The statue started shrinking in height.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The statue shook into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to jump over me.  The scarecrow began to throw some bugs at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  The island suddenly gave me some phones.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly shouted "The snows are in the fire"  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The cat began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The cat began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The lavas are in the spike"  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The scarecrow showed me several fruit.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the island.  The scarecrow began to kick me.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the bump" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster carefully melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the classroom.  I saw a red dog with glass triangles on its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with phones sticking out of its back.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dog wildly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  A statue came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The dog said "You must look inside"  The statue began to stand on me.  The dog whispered "The logs are in the ice", and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some wooden squares.  The person who looked just like me gave me some dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I went to a island.  The dog gave me some lavas.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The spikes are in the wooden triangle"  

I saw a red monster with spikes sticking out of its back.  The monster started shaking.  The monster went to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the beach, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and started to spit out lots of glass squares.  The dog began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some ices.  A statue showed up and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the dining hall.  The statue began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a green dining hall, and I whispered "This is a little blue"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the dining hall.  I saw a pale man with photos sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" for some reason.  The man began to kick me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a dog started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the house.  The dog drove to a beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dorm.  The dog started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The dog showed me several logs.  The dog began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The cat began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The cat started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a teacher slowly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange basement of a beach with pencils everywhere.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly shouted "That sucks"  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry thinking this would help.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  The man began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  A statue showed up and drove to a dorm.  The man walked to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small statue with photos all over its toes.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fires are in the fruit" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a enormous basement of a church, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the basement of a church.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a towering beach, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The beach suddenly began to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a pleasant island, and I began to melt.  The island suddenly gave me some insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a blue house, and I stated "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the house.  The house suddenly said "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a monster wildly shrinking in height.  The monster began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The monster shouted "Why are you so blue?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and started to spit out lots of bumps.  The man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  The man began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a grotesque leader of the dining hall with photos coming out of its tongue.  The leader of the dining hall began to kick me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat small"  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Why are you so small?"  The dining hall suddenly showed me several logs, and I smiled.  

I saw a red monster with glass squares coming out of its face.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering cat with bags on its face.  The cat started to spit out lots of lavas.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "This is a little tiny"  The cat gave me some wooden squares.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the house.  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with cats coming out of its toes.  The cat began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something satisfying.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the house.  The cat melted into thin air.  

I saw a small monster with pens all over its face.  The monster began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The monster began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a grotesque dog with fires all over its tongue.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The house suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The dog started to spit out lots of cats, and I smiled.  

I saw a red scarecrow with photos all over its face.  The scarecrow went to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous dog with insects coming out of its back.  The dog began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The house suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and began to grow much larger.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The cat began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I went to a bed.  The cat began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  A director of the bed showed up and began to shrink in height.  The cat began to throw some photos at me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat grotesque"  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur stated "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dinosaur melted into thin air.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a statue started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the classroom.  The tin man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  A manager of the island appeared and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the bag" thinking this would help.  A dog came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bumps.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the airport.  The airport suddenly gave me some fires.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a red classroom, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly gave me some bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque bed, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the lava"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a leader of the beach began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the beach.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a teacher quickly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic monster with logs all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the bag" for some reason.  The monster began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a enormous dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the dorm.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to kick me.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The dorm suddenly gave me some photos.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The dorm suddenly went to a airport.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with cats everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is extremely childlike" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly showed me several photos.  A scarecrow showed up and went to a airport.  The scarecrow showed me several spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dog showed me several pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The dog began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "This is a little small"  The dog melted into nothingness.  

I saw a pleasant statue with photos all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The wooden triangles are in the wooden square" thinking this would help.  The statue began to crumble.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with fires coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur whispered "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  A dog showed up and stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly started shaking.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with bumps coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the house.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I threw some snows at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale monster with lavas on its face.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some mice at me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a manager of the airport quickly shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with photos sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a house.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small tin man with dogs coming out of its eyes.  The tin man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man stated "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The tin man began to throw some photos at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  The tin man gave me some dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I saw a grotesque monster with ices coming out of its face.  The tin man began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the basement of a church, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with pencils sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur shook into thin air.  

I saw a red teacher with photos sticking out of its legs.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the bed.  I saw a green tin man with snows sticking out of its face.  The bed suddenly went to a beach.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat graceful"  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a small church, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the church.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow slowly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the beach.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

I was growing much larger in a red beach, and I felt a little terrified.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  A dinosaur appeared and started to spit out lots of cars.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red man with bags all over its feet.  The man began to grow much larger.  The man began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red scarecrow with phones all over its arms.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  The scarecrow began to throw some bags at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The scarecrow melted into thin air.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started melting.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt slightly angry.  The beach suddenly showed me several spikes.  A man showed up and began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The man began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with dogs everywhere.  The house suddenly walked to a basement of a basement of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the basement of a church.  I saw a graceful cat with phones sticking out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the basement of a church.  The cat began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is a little enormous"  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The statue sprinted to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a house, with a dog absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The dog started growing much larger.  A dinosaur showed up and ran to a beach.  The statue drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the bed.  The dinosaur gave me some bags, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and whispered "That sucks"  The tin man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something terrible.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the beach.  The beach suddenly drove to a dorm, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a pale classroom, and I said "This is extremely towering"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly went to a bed.  I saw a obscure tin man with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and went to a airport.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly sprinted to a beach.  A scarecrow appeared and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the beach.  The man began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly walked to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green outside the church.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large statue with spikes sticking out of its back.  The statue began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The statue began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me carefully melting.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I saw a green monster with pencils all over its tongue.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  The statue drove to a house.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a red beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the beach.  The beach suddenly said "You must look inside"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the beach.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and stated "The cats are in the snow"  The dog gave me some pens.  The dog walked to a basement of a airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a church, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The dog began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the basement of a basement of a church.  The dog shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a large dog with fires on its face.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dog shook into thin air.  

I saw a hideous statue with bags on its tongue.  The statue started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with logs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The island suddenly said "You must look inside"  The island suddenly began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike dog with glass squares coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The dog began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I saw a futuristic monster with cars coming out of its arms.  The monster began to take a photo of me.  The monster started melting.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me quickly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the church.  I saw a enormous manager of the church with glass squares all over its legs.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The manager of the church began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is a little graceful", and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the bed.  The teacher began to yell at me.  A statue appeared and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the bed.  The teacher started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I saw a obscure tin man with pencils on its feet.  The island suddenly began to sing to me.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I was crumbling in a enormous island, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the dog"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the dorm.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with bumps all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely obscure" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous monster with fruit coming out of its back.  The monster began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to crumble.  The monster started growing much larger.  I saw a green person who looked just like me with dogs coming out of its eyes.  The monster shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog started crumbling.  The dog began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly gave me some pens.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  The dog began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant dining hall, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a hideous dog with cars coming out of its tongue.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the dining hall.  The dog shook into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant cat with snows all over its legs.  The cat said "You must look inside"  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The cat melted into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with dogs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike monster with ices coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The monster crumbled into the ground.  

A teacher appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The teacher showed me several snows.  The teacher began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dining hall.  The teacher began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur went to a basement of a church.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to melt.  The dinosaur began to shake.  The dinosaur began to stand on me.  The dinosaur melted into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a bright house, and I stated "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had accomplished something terrible for some reason.  The house suddenly started shaking.  I saw a obscure tin man with insects coming out of its feet.  The house suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue statue with metal triangles on its toes.  The statue stated "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The statue shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a huge statue with lavas on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  The statue began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with glass triangles everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large cat with lavas all over its arms.  The cat gave me some snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the beach.  The beach suddenly stated "Why are you so futuristic?"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a island.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "The logs are in the metal square"  The island suddenly began to shake.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with pens sticking out of its arms.  The dinosaur ran to a church.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a director of the airport began to smack me.  The director of the airport began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a large statue with dogs all over its arms.  The statue began to melt.  The airport suddenly began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the director of the airport saying "The lavas are in the spike"  

I saw a large scarecrow with phones all over its legs.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I shot it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and gave me some photos.  The statue began to shake.  The statue began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with phones on its legs.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a tin man carefully shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the classroom.  I saw a red teacher with bumps on its back.  The classroom suddenly showed me several pencils.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a classroom.  The airport suddenly said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly gave me some pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a obscure dining hall, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a basement of a church.  I saw a futuristic statue with phones sticking out of its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the basement of a church.  The statue began to throw some mice at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was crumbling in a huge classroom, and I stopped being happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  A dinosaur appeared and started to spit out lots of lavas.  The dinosaur drove to a basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the basement of a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with phones on its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  The church suddenly started melting.  A dinosaur showed up and started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The church suddenly went to a basement of a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with logs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a monster absent-mindedly shaking.  The monster began to slap me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The monster began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the church.  A leader of the church showed up and began to shrink in height.  The leader of the church started melting.  The leader of the church whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The leader of the church crumbled into thin air.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with bags everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dog carefully crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dog began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The dog shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a bright bed, and I said "This is a little small"  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The bed suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a childlike scarecrow with lavas all over its arms.  The scarecrow began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the bed.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being afraid.  The house suddenly showed me several glass squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a tin man began to shoot me.  The tin man began to shake.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The tin man said "You must look inside"  The tin man grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with photos sticking out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me whispered "Why are you so childlike?"  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a classroom.  The scene changed to a island, with a manager of the classroom absent-mindedly melting.  The classroom suddenly walked to a church.  A cat came out of nowhere and showed me several phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The manager of the classroom began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started shaking.  The classroom suddenly said "The ices are in the pen"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a island, with a statue carefully melting.  The island suddenly stated "The pencils are in the car"  The island suddenly began to throw some pens at me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with fires all over its mouth.  The person who looked just like me said "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I threw some mice at it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the airport.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

I saw a bright monster with lavas coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous thinking this would help.  The monster gave me some fruit.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  The monster began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The church suddenly ran to a dorm.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic tin man with pencils sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The cars are in the log"  

I saw a pleasant cat with photos sticking out of its tongue.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The cat began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

I saw a large teacher with cats all over its back.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I shouted "This is very towering"  The house suddenly said "The bumps are in the wooden square"  The house suddenly said "The logs are in the ice"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with metal triangles sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me showed me several bags.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the dog" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the house.  I saw a pleasant monster with photos sticking out of its arms.  The house suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The house suddenly began to jump over me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright man with wooden triangles all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a island.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  The airport suddenly walked to a classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to throw some pens at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dinosaur shouted "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a tin man slowly melting.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque dining hall, and I said "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the dining hall.  A director of the dining hall appeared and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The director of the dining hall whispered "The pens are in the pencil"  The director of the dining hall began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  The director of the dining hall continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog whispered "That sucks"  The dog began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat quickly shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to punch me.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The dog crumbled into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange basement of a airport with fruit everywhere.  The airport suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the basement of a airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the basement of a airport.  The basement of a airport suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I saw a pale cat with cars on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?" thinking this would help.  The cat began to shrink in height.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  The cat whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the ice" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  The house suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the house.  A statue appeared and started shaking.  The statue started crumbling.  The statue began to melt.  The statue crumbled into thin air.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with cats everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  A teacher came out of nowhere and sprinted to a island.  The teacher began to sing to me.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The teacher started melting, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with metal squares all over its mouth.  The scarecrow began to throw some ices at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something great.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dog wildly shrinking in height.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful house, and I stopped being concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the house.  The house suddenly began to melt.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the dog" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a small statue with wooden squares on its eyes.  The statue ran to a airport.  The statue gave me some cats.  The scene changed to a church, with a manager of the airport quickly growing much larger.  The manager of the airport said "Why are you so small?"  The manager of the airport started shaking.  The statue shook into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the house.  The house suddenly began to shake.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to sing to me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The dinosaur drove to a island.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with bugs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the bed.  The island suddenly gave me some metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a large island, and I felt very relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the island.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The island suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with mice everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the beach.  I saw a hideous scarecrow with cars coming out of its face.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some insects at me.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and started melting.  The teacher began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher showed up and said "That sucks"  The teacher began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stated "What's going on?"  The teacher began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  A cat showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The cat began to throw some bags at me.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The teacher shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The tin man began to shoot me.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The classroom suddenly drove to a island.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur drove to a bed.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?" thinking this would help.  A teacher appeared and shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the bed.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with photos sticking out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of dogs.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some logs at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic teacher with lavas on its tongue.  The teacher started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a director of the dining hall absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The director of the dining hall began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  I saw a green tin man with pencils coming out of its feet.  The teacher began to slap me.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

A teacher showed up and started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The teacher whispered "Why are you so futuristic?"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a cat carefully growing much larger.  The bed suddenly gave me some cats.  The cat started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with fires sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dinosaur started melting.  The dinosaur whispered "The mice are in the pen"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I was growing much larger in a huge beach, and I wasn't concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the beach.  The beach suddenly walked to a dining hall.  A statue came out of nowhere and showed me several bumps.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the beach.  The statue started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale monster with mice all over its feet.  The monster began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster gave me some dogs, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The metal triangles are in the pencil" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dinosaur wildly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very terrified thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a church.  The airport suddenly drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the church.  I saw a red monster with cats sticking out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the island.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a cat started to spit out lots of pens.  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  A leader of the island appeared and began to grab me.  The leader of the island began to throw some cats at me.  The island suddenly began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with dogs everywhere.  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the airport.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the airport.  The airport suddenly said "Why are you so large?", and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a statue showed me several fires.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the church.  The statue began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I saw a red dinosaur with mice on its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the church, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  The bed suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the bed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the church, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a pale dorm, and I wasn't concerned.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the dorm.  A man showed up and sprinted to a dining hall.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the dorm.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The beach suddenly ran to a dorm.  A monster showed up and started melting.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the beach.  The monster melted into nothingness.  

I was shaking in a childlike church, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the church.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely content thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike cat with mice sticking out of its mouth.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "This is very red"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I went to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The cat grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a red dog with cats sticking out of its legs.  The dog began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The dog began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

A monster showed up and whispered "That sucks"  The monster began to yell at me.  The monster showed me several bugs.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher wildly melting.  The monster sprinted to a airport.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a monster started crumbling.  The monster began to slap me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow quickly melting.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The church suddenly began to jump over me.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a bright tin man with spikes on its mouth.  The tin man began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the beach.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a director of the classroom began to stand on me.  The director of the classroom began to throw some dogs at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The director of the classroom shouted "The cats are in the phone"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The director of the classroom began to throw some bumps at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a large dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man wildly melting.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The tin man went to a beach, and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The tin man started growing much larger.  The tin man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The tin man began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely blue"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive cat with lavas on its feet.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The cat showed me several mice.  The scene changed to a bed, with a man wildly melting.  The man started shrinking in height.  I saw a graceful manager of the bed with insects on its tongue.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly drove to a airport.  The man shouted "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque teacher with snows coming out of its tongue.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The teacher began to grab me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dinosaur showed me several wooden squares.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "I want to shake"  The dinosaur whispered "The bugs are in the fruit"  I saw a huge leader of the beach with logs sticking out of its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the beach.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The leader of the beach shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with pencils on its back.  The scarecrow started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the church.  A monster showed up and started shrinking in height.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the church.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and began to stand on me.  The cat began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The cat crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with bumps coming out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a man absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me.  I saw a pleasant scarecrow with cars sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow ran to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me said "Why are you so bright?"  The scarecrow shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with pens sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass triangles are in the insect" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I went to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" thinking this would help.  A dog showed up and started to spit out lots of pencils.  The dog whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with wooden squares everywhere.  The house suddenly began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  A dog appeared and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the house.  The dog began to throw some ices at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow showed me several dogs.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scarecrow began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The scarecrow sprinted to a beach.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

I saw a hideous teacher with pens on its arms.  The teacher sprinted to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The scarecrow started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dining hall.  The scarecrow walked to a basement of a airport.  I saw a obscure teacher with mice on its legs.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The teacher began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me said "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale man with snows on its back.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The man began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  A dinosaur showed up and gave me some pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the church.  The church suddenly went to a dorm.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange basement of a classroom on top of a beach.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  A cat came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The beach suddenly ran to a dorm.  The cat drove to a church.  The cat started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure teacher with mice coming out of its tongue.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The teacher said "The spikes are in the cat"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The teacher ran to a basement of a basement of a dining hall.  I saw a pleasant director of the basement of a dining hall with glass triangles sticking out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the basement of a basement of a dining hall.  The director of the basement of a dining hall began to throw some cars at me, but I tried to get it to throw some bugs at me.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The teacher gave me some mice.  The teacher began to throw some phones at me.  The teacher shrunk in height into thin air.  

A cat appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The cat shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a house.  The cat began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The person who looked just like me showed me several bags.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur drove to a church.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the church.  I saw a obscure tin man with fruit on its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

A man showed up and began to kick me.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed thinking this would help.  The basement of a dorm suddenly started melting.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a hideous cat with cars coming out of its eyes.  The cat began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a tin man stated "You must look inside"  The tin man showed me several bumps.  The tin man started shaking.  I saw a large dinosaur with cars on its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the house.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The glass squares are in the bump"  

A tin man showed up and walked to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the bed.  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the church.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a blue island, and I began to shake.  The island suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the island.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog wildly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the beach.  The dog began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely pleasant"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with snows sticking out of its back.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a graceful house, and I whispered "This is a little small"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the house.  I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with fruit all over its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the house.  The person who looked just like me walked to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and began to shake.  The statue gave me some spikes.  The statue began to throw some bugs at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur wildly shaking.  The house suddenly began to throw some snows at me.  I saw a massive teacher with fires all over its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the house.  The house suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering statue with logs on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering teacher with fires on its eyes.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The teacher began to throw some ices at me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  A man appeared and showed me several bumps.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the beach.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with bugs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the bed.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the bed.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the bed, and I smiled.  

A monster showed up and stated "You must look inside"  The monster went to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the airport.  The monster sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue scarecrow with snows coming out of its eyes.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to melt.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the island.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The scarecrow began to kick me.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The teacher sprinted to a island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a bed.  The teacher gave me some fruit.  The teacher began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a huge basement of a house, and I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the car"  The basement of a house suddenly said "Why are you so huge?"  The basement of a house suddenly stated "That sucks"  I saw a grotesque monster with ices coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The monster said "You must look inside"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of mice.  The cat began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The cat began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a man walked to a church.  The church suddenly showed me several lavas.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster absent-mindedly melting.  The man showed me several pencils.  The monster sprinted to a island.  The monster grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a pleasant monster with mice sticking out of its legs.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The monster gave me some dogs, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a green airport, and I began to shake.  The airport suddenly gave me some ices.  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a grotesque monster with cars coming out of its back.  The monster began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The monster started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red dog with bags sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dog stated "You must look inside"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I saw a futuristic leader of the basement of a classroom with wooden squares on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly stated "That sucks"  The leader of the basement of a classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the beach.  The bed suddenly began to jump over me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a island.  The island suddenly sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of snows.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the bed.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something great.  The person who looked just like me went to a beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "This is a little blue"  The person who looked just like me drove to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The person who looked just like me shook into the ground.  

A scarecrow showed up and stated "Why are you so pleasant?"  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to throw some bags at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a beach.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I saw a childlike tin man with pencils coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a futuristic cat with cats sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very red" for some reason.  The cat began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me quickly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I saw a towering teacher with spikes coming out of its feet.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  The person who looked just like me said "The pens are in the dog"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green teacher with pens on its arms.  The teacher went to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I don't know why, but I walked to a bed.  The teacher began to throw some dogs at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  A monster showed up and gave me some glass triangles.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  The monster started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive monster with mice all over its arms.  The monster began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The monster began to throw some snows at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man quickly crumbling.  The church suddenly started melting.  I saw a futuristic man with photos coming out of its mouth.  The church suddenly started shaking.  The tin man stated "The cars are in the car"  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and gave me some insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  The dog began to slap me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red tin man with pens on its toes.  The tin man ran to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the church.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a classroom.  The church suddenly started melting.  A cat appeared and showed me several wooden squares.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the church.  The classroom suddenly went to a basement of a basement of a airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a cat began to grow much larger.  The cat began to kick me.  The cat began to throw some dogs at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I saw a futuristic tin man with cats on its arms.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the beach.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and began to punch me.  The statue showed me several pens.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some ices at me.  The statue gave me some lavas, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The cat began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with pencils all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a leader of the island began to stand on me.  The leader of the island began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some phones at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  A cat appeared and went to a dorm.  The leader of the island began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The island suddenly gave me some bugs.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a red house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the bed.  The house suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a hideous classroom, and I shouted "I want to grow much larger"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly showed me several spikes.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the house.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Why are you so bright?"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque house, and I felt a little furious.  The house suddenly began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the house.  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with spikes on its mouth.  The person who looked just like me stated "You must look inside"  The house suddenly began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with insects everywhere.  The beach suddenly whispered "The pencils are in the spike"  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the beach.  A statue appeared and gave me some bumps.  The beach suddenly went to a classroom.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the island.  I saw a tiny tin man with dogs all over its arms.  The island suddenly sprinted to a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale tin man with cars coming out of its legs.  The tin man went to a airport.  The tin man began to melt.  The scene changed to a beach, with a man wildly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I saw a grotesque leader of the beach with spikes on its mouth.  The leader of the beach began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the bed.  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster absent-mindedly melting.  The island suddenly began to shoot me.  The monster stated "That sucks"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque house, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The house suddenly started shaking.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the house.  The house suddenly gave me some fruit.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with mice coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to throw some cats at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with dogs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dorm.  The classroom suddenly showed me several fruit.  The classroom suddenly ran to a basement of a beach.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a bed.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the church.  The bed suddenly gave me some bugs.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with metal triangles everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  The airport suddenly gave me some pencils.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small man with dogs all over its eyes.  The man drove to a dining hall.  The man began to yell at me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dog carefully crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly stated "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly shouted "The photos are in the pen"  The dog melted into thin air.  

A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass squares at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the island.  A scarecrow appeared and showed me several bumps.  The island suddenly went to a dorm.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a leader of the classroom began to kick me.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  The classroom suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a airport.  The leader of the classroom began to throw some spikes at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly started shaking.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a tin man began to crumble.  The tin man began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the church.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a man quickly shaking.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and went to a basement of a house.  The person who looked just like me whispered "Why are you so pleasant?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried for some reason.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with bags coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur slowly crumbling.  The house suddenly gave me some cats.  The house suddenly began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a massive church, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the church.  A monster showed up and began to jump over me.  The monster shouted "Why are you so blue?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the church.  The monster melted into thin air.  

A statue appeared and gave me some wooden triangles.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a monster started to spit out lots of insects.  The monster began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The basement of a dorm suddenly stated "That sucks"  A teacher showed up and walked to a airport.  The teacher gave me some logs.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and began to sing to me.  The monster began to smack me.  The monster showed me several fires.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I saw a childlike monster with bags on its legs.  The monster started growing much larger.  The monster began to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The monster walked to a house.  I saw a obscure scarecrow with bugs coming out of its face.  The scarecrow ran to a bed.  The house suddenly shouted "Why are you so obscure?"  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a man showed me several insects.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the airport.  The man began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow started to spit out lots of pencils.  The scarecrow began to throw some phones at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dog began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely towering"  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of lavas.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The cat sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the basement of a classroom.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the island.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The tin man gave me some phones.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to melt.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  A monster showed up and began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the dining hall.  The monster started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a towering bed, and I stopped being concerned.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the bed.  I saw a grotesque statue with fruit coming out of its eyes.  The statue began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a cat began to punch me.  The cat began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something helpful.  The cat started shaking.  A person who looked just like me showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The cat shook into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a leader of the classroom began to shrink in height.  The leader of the classroom began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The leader of the classroom showed me several insects.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  The leader of the classroom began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The tin man showed me several bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shake" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a island.  The tin man sprinted to a dining hall.  The tin man began to crumble.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the house.  The house suddenly whispered "Why are you so small?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I shouted "Hello?"  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  A dog showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly drove to a beach.  The scarecrow began to throw some bags at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

A statue came out of nowhere and drove to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the island.  The man began to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the island.  A dinosaur showed up and started shrinking in height.  The man stated "Why are you so enormous?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with mice everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the house.  I saw a tiny tin man with lavas on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed thinking this would help.  The tin man began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so pale?"  

A man came out of nowhere and ran to a bed.  The man began to sing to me.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a island.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a hideous director of the island with metal squares coming out of its mouth.  The island suddenly said "The logs are in the pencil"  The director of the island began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The director of the island continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous scarecrow with pens on its legs.  The scarecrow began to throw some photos at me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something terrible.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The scene changed to a house, with a monster quickly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I saw a graceful teacher with bugs all over its arms.  The monster began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The house suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The teacher shook into nothingness.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me walked to a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me gave me some fires.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt slightly terrified.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The wooden squares are in the insect"  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a dinosaur whispered "The fires are in the fruit"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  A scarecrow showed up and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious thinking this would help.  The scarecrow showed me several pencils.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the bed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  The teacher shrunk in height into the ground.  

A monster showed up and walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly stated "The cars are in the log"  The classroom suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with dogs on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly began to throw some bugs at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive man with dogs on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fires are in the bug" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and gave me some fruit.  The monster began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is very graceful" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the cat" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher began to shake.  The teacher began to throw some fruit at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The teacher drove to a house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and began to smack me.  The statue began to shrink in height.  The statue began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something satisfying.  The statue started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge dog with fruit all over its tongue.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a island.  The dog started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  I saw a obscure tin man with cars sticking out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the island.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so huge?"  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a statue began to crumble.  The statue began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely towering" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I drove to a classroom.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The statue grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a blue man with bugs all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly gave me some metal triangles.  A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some dogs.  The bed suddenly said "The mice are in the dog"  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with cars all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The scarecrow walked to a house.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large tin man with glass triangles coming out of its back.  The tin man began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me quickly melting.  The tin man showed me several bumps.  I saw a red teacher with fires on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of pencils.  The tin man stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the church.  I saw a green dog with cars coming out of its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the church.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge man with wooden squares on its tongue.  The man began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so huge?" thinking this would help.  The man began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to throw some bumps at me.  The statue showed me several glass squares.  The statue began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I said "That sucks"  The statue began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous tin man with metal triangles coming out of its arms.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me wildly shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  A teacher appeared and began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to shoot me.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and ran to a dining hall.  The dinosaur began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive cat with pens coming out of its back.  The cat began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The cat shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The cat began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green teacher with ices on its tongue.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The teacher whispered "The pencils are in the fruit", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with logs everywhere.  The beach suddenly went to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the classroom.  A leader of the classroom showed up and ran to a island.  The leader of the classroom began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The leader of the classroom began to smack me, but I yelled at it "This is a little huge"  The leader of the classroom shook into the ground.  

I was crumbling in a hideous church, and I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the insect"  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The church suddenly gave me some glass squares.  I saw a red tin man with pens coming out of its toes.  The tin man whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man stated "The logs are in the dog"  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a blue statue with phones coming out of its arms.  The statue sprinted to a church.  The statue began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a airport, with a manager of the church slowly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" thinking this would help.  I saw a grotesque cat with spikes sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with wooden squares everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The church suddenly showed me several bugs.  A leader of the church appeared and started to spit out lots of phones.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the church, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and gave me some bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is somewhat towering" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to shoot me.  The teacher began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  The tin man went to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a tin man began to smack me.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The tin man began to stand on me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the beach.  The tin man said "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man melted into the ground.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a manager of the dining hall gave me some metal triangles.  The manager of the dining hall began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the wooden square" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me slowly crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several insects.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with glass triangles everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the classroom.  I saw a pale cat with photos all over its face.  The cat started to spit out lots of cats.  The cat stated "The snows are in the insect"  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and started crumbling.  The cat shouted "You must look inside"  The cat gave me some cats.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The cat began to slap me, but I screamed at it "This is a little futuristic"  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The cat drove to a beach.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  The cat began to shake, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque airport, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The metal triangles are in the dog" for some reason.  I saw a pleasant director of the airport with photos on its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The man began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a basement of a basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The basement of a airport suddenly started melting.  I saw a enormous director of the basement of a beach with lavas on its tongue.  The basement of a basement of a airport suddenly began to throw some pens at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the basement of a airport.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and stated "The spikes are in the car"  The man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The man walked to a classroom.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dinosaur quickly melting.  The man stated "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a bright teacher with photos all over its mouth.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur ran to a house.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a pale basement of a basement of a island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the island.  The basement of a island suddenly shouted "Why are you so red?"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The island suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly gave me some logs, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with metal squares everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me wildly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful dorm, and I stopped being happy about it.  The dorm suddenly went to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I saw a towering scarecrow with insects all over its back.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The fruit are in the car"  

I'm shaking in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a man showed me several spikes.  The man began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  The man started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster started crumbling.  The monster began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the dorm.  The monster began to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The insects are in the dog"  

My family and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange basement of a bed with mice everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the basement of a bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a graceful tin man with phones all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The tin man melted into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the dining hall.  The dog shouted "You must look inside"  A man came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The dog walked to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very obscure" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The cat began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with dogs everywhere.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the dining hall.  I don't know why, but I went to a classroom.  The church suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and began to throw some fires at me.  The tin man began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering statue with wooden triangles all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The statue began to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large person who looked just like me with phones sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous for some reason.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of logs.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to throw some lavas at me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a monster absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the beach.  The beach suddenly went to a church, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with pencils everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the dorm.  I saw a red teacher with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The teacher began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The cars are in the glass square"  

A man showed up and started growing much larger.  The man began to shake.  The man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  The man started melting.  The man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous statue with bugs all over its feet.  The statue began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The statue sprinted to a house.  The statue melted into thin air.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with pencils everywhere.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The beach suddenly showed me several cars.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a beach when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to smack me.  The basement of a beach suddenly started melting.  The scarecrow began to melt.  A man appeared and began to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The beach suddenly went to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the house.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a enormous tin man with pencils all over its eyes.  The tin man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a cat absent-mindedly shaking.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I saw a grotesque teacher with insects coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The dog began to yell at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur carefully growing much larger.  The house suddenly drove to a bed.  I saw a pleasant statue with fires coming out of its legs.  The house suddenly stated "Why are you so pleasant?"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The spikes are in the log"  

I was growing much larger in a huge house, and I felt strangely anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher quickly crumbling.  The airport suddenly walked to a beach.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a huge house, and I said "Hello?"  The house suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the house.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the house, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with photos sticking out of its arms.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque statue with wooden squares sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The statue began to melt.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I was shrinking in height in a massive dorm, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The dorm suddenly went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  I don't know why, but I drove to a classroom.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and started shaking.  The man began to throw some phones at me.  The man began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a graceful cat with photos all over its toes.  The cat began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive church, and I said "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I said "I want to crumble"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?" for some reason.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure airport, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the airport.  I saw a pleasant cat with dogs coming out of its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the basement of a beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The island suddenly started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a cat showed me several fires.  The dorm suddenly stated "That sucks"  The cat started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly melting.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely towering"  The dorm suddenly shouted "The insects are in the spike"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was melting in a red house, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The house suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a church.  The house suddenly ran to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly walked to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a red airport, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the airport.  A teacher came out of nowhere and shouted "Why are you so red?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure monster with pencils coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The monster drove to a dorm.  I don't know why, but I ran to a beach.  The monster stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the bed.  The bed suddenly gave me some mice.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so graceful?"  

A scarecrow showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some phones at me.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some ices at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with ices coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I drove to a basement of a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure tin man with pens on its legs.  The tin man began to shoot me.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to grow much larger.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  I saw a small monster with insects all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The tin man began to grab me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and showed me several metal squares.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I said "This is somewhat bright"  The airport suddenly began to sing to me.  The airport suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur melted into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with photos everywhere.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  A man showed up and showed me several bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The man gave me some lavas.  The man shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a tiny cat with bugs on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had accomplished something great for some reason.  The cat showed me several photos.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a towering dorm, and I said "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The dorm suddenly shouted "The pencils are in the cat"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a childlike beach, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the beach.  The beach suddenly walked to a airport.  I saw a obscure scarecrow with photos coming out of its feet.  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me stated "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  I saw a large tin man with snows on its tongue.  The tin man began to throw some insects at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The bags are in the mouse"  

I was shaking in a enormous beach, and I felt strangely furious.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering cat with mice sticking out of its face.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some cars at me.  The cat walked to a beach.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a basement of a dorm.  The cat began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The beach suddenly went to a house.  The cat began to punch me, but I shouted at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

A monster showed up and began to stand on me.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some photos at me.  The monster began to shoot me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  I saw a large statue with pencils sticking out of its tongue.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  The beach suddenly ran to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright statue with spikes sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?"  The statue began to slap me, but I yelled at it "This is a little towering"  The house suddenly shouted "Why are you so bright?"  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with wooden squares everywhere.  The bed suddenly went to a island.  The island suddenly began to melt.  A leader of the bed came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The leader of the bed started melting.  The island suddenly began to throw some cars at me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious for some reason.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  A monster came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the house, and I smiled.  

I saw a large cat with fruit coming out of its toes.  The cat began to grab me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scene changed to a island, with a manager of the island absent-mindedly shaking.  The cat began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The cat started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with photos coming out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  The island suddenly said "The ices are in the bug"  A monster appeared and walked to a church.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog said "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the dining hall.  I saw a tiny teacher with lavas on its eyes.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a church.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a bed.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and began to melt.  The man said "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to grab me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a man began to kick me.  The island suddenly shouted "The mice are in the ice"  The man began to throw some snows at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a basement of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The cat began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stated "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the bed.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The cat began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to smack me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something helpful.  I saw a grotesque manager of the classroom with cats all over its legs.  The scarecrow walked to a church.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the church.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a large house, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the house.  I saw a pleasant leader of the house with snows coming out of its back.  The leader of the house began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "This is a little tiny"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The leader of the house began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I saw a red teacher with lavas on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The teacher began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and started to spit out lots of mice.  The tin man drove to a basement of a bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I whispered "I want to crumble"  The basement of a bed suddenly ran to a basement of a dorm.  The tin man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with bags sticking out of its eyes.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The scarecrow melted into nothingness.  

A dog appeared and went to a classroom.  The dog stated "The lavas are in the cat"  The dog began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly gave me some photos.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the pencil" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful tin man with insects on its face.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with glass triangles everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the beach.  The beach suddenly ran to a basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the basement of a church, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I saw a green scarecrow with logs all over its eyes.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster showed up and began to yell at me.  The monster walked to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur walked to a beach.  The dinosaur stated "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "This is very childlike"  The scene changed to a church, with a man wildly growing much larger.  The church suddenly began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to melt, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive teacher with lavas coming out of its face.  The teacher started shaking.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the beach.  A statue showed up and began to yell at me.  The beach suddenly showed me several pens.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me said "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to shake.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur drove to a house.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a man carefully shaking.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dinosaur melted into thin air.  

I saw a bright teacher with bags on its mouth.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a dog quickly melting.  The church suddenly gave me some pencils.  I saw a enormous director of the basement of a church with dogs coming out of its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the church.  The director of the basement of a church began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small cat with logs all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The cat started shaking.  The scene changed to a beach, with a man wildly shrinking in height.  The cat said "You must look inside"  A scarecrow showed up and showed me several fires.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant statue with bumps all over its eyes.  The statue showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" thinking this would help.  The statue shrunk in height into thin air.  

A tin man appeared and began to grab me.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with bumps sticking out of its arms.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue slowly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the dorm.  I saw a towering person who looked just like me with ices coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely large"  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dinosaur grew much larger into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a island.  The island suddenly drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the beach.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog quickly melting.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  The dog sprinted to a house.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so huge?"  

I saw a grotesque monster with dogs all over its tongue.  The monster began to jump over me.  The monster began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The monster began to throw some bugs at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I saw a hideous man with pencils on its face.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  The monster began to throw some bumps at me.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and began to shake.  The man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The man began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a basement of a basement of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the beach.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?" for some reason.  The basement of a basement of a beach suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the basement of a beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous dog with glass squares sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The dog began to kick me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I don't know why, but I went to a beach.  The dog began to jump over me.  The dog began to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the beach.  I saw a childlike scarecrow with bumps all over its tongue.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and gave me some pencils.  The teacher began to throw some bugs at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The teacher began to throw some pens at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I wasn't afraid.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  A cat showed up and sprinted to a basement of a house.  The teacher whispered "Why are you so obscure?"  The classroom suddenly showed me several lavas.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some pens.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

A dog appeared and began to smack me.  The dog began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dog began to slap me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man slowly crumbling.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green monster with pencils all over its arms.  The monster began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a tin man quickly shaking.  The tin man started melting.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started crumbling.  The tin man began to throw some logs at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The tin man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dog appeared and whispered "That sucks"  The dog sprinted to a island.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me.  The dog crumbled into the ground.  

A man appeared and began to shake.  The man started crumbling.  The man began to shrink in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The man began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I saw a bright scarecrow with pencils sticking out of its tongue.  The airport suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so bright?"  

I saw a tiny dog with pens sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a beach, with a statue wildly shrinking in height.  The basement of a beach suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A manager of the beach showed up and went to a church.  The manager of the beach showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed for some reason.  The statue began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange basement of a classroom on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly walked to a dining hall.  I saw a bright cat with lavas all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had done something helpful for some reason.  The cat started melting.  The cat melted into thin air.  

A monster showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The monster began to throw some bumps at me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something wrong.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the dog"  The dorm suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to melt.  The teacher shouted "That sucks"  I saw a red man with phones on its tongue.  The man began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The teacher started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge cat with phones sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The cat began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with mice everywhere.  The church suddenly walked to a house.  The house suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large man with phones all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a church, with a monster absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The man began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The tin man began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I said "That sucks"  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  A scarecrow showed up and started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the island.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely hideous"  The tin man began to throw some bugs at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height", and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and ran to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a scarecrow sprinted to a dining hall.  The house suddenly showed me several bags.  The scarecrow went to a dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and showed me several dogs.  The cat began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The cat started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a massive classroom, and I stopped being concerned.  The classroom suddenly went to a island.  The classroom suddenly began to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dorm.  The island suddenly said "Why are you so massive?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and showed me several lavas.  The tin man gave me some logs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a scarecrow slowly shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to melt.  I saw a small teacher with pens on its face.  The scarecrow went to a beach.  The island suddenly whispered "Why are you so small?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive cat with spikes on its tongue.  The cat gave me some dogs.  The cat said "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the dining hall.  A leader of the dining hall appeared and started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The leader of the dining hall began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" thinking this would help.  The leader of the dining hall grew much larger into the ground.  

I was crumbling in a massive dorm, and I began to melt.  The dorm suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the dorm.  I saw a graceful statue with photos coming out of its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the dorm.  The statue began to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and began to jump over me.  The monster began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The monster began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

I saw a huge man with pencils sticking out of its arms.  The man began to grow much larger.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to melt.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a grotesque teacher with insects on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous tin man with photos sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  A dog appeared and began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

I saw a large man with fires coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The man began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly showed me several spikes.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a hideous airport, and I wasn't scared.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the airport.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow carefully shrinking in height.  The church suddenly drove to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the church.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

A statue appeared and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some mice at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The statue gave me some ices.  The statue sprinted to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dining hall.  The basement of a beach suddenly showed me several dogs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The dining hall suddenly went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque cat with pencils on its mouth.  The cat started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a director of the island slowly shaking.  The cat began to shrink in height.  I saw a green dog with cats all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The director of the island began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bugs everywhere.  The church suddenly walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the airport.  I saw a tiny statue with pencils sticking out of its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright tin man with wooden squares on its arms.  The tin man began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  The tin man whispered "The bags are in the pencil"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful tin man with spikes all over its eyes.  The tin man began to shoot me.  The tin man walked to a house.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and started to spit out lots of cars.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the dining hall.  I saw a bright director of the dining hall with insects all over its face.  The director of the dining hall began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dog began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a tin man ran to a airport.  The tin man began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the airport.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the airport.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and gave me some lavas.  The dog began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The dog showed me several logs.  The dog melted into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a cat gave me some ices.  The cat started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the classroom.  A tin man showed up and started shaking.  The cat started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a leader of the house ran to a airport.  The leader of the house began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The leader of the house started shaking.  A teacher showed up and started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the airport.  The teacher drove to a basement of a island.  The teacher melted into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with cars everywhere.  The church suddenly drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the classroom.  A dog appeared and began to smack me.  The dog said "You must look inside"  The dog began to throw some snows at me, but I yelled at it "This is very green"  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with fruit everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  A statue appeared and began to kick me.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The statue began to throw some ices at me, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with logs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  I saw a pleasant man with mice sticking out of its feet.  The man stated "The bumps are in the cat"  The man started to spit out lots of insects.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a cat started to spit out lots of mice.  The bed suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The bed suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I saw a obscure teacher with photos coming out of its tongue.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat blue"  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and went to a classroom.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a cat began to shrink in height.  The cat began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I saw a towering manager of the church with lavas coming out of its toes.  The manager of the church began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the church.  The cat shook into the ground.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with metal squares coming out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The person who looked just like me shook into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a basement of a church, but it's a very strange church with cats everywhere.  The basement of a church suddenly went to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the basement of a church.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with insects sticking out of its back.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a director of the bed absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the bed.  I saw a red dinosaur with snows sticking out of its legs.  The director of the bed began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The dinosaur shouted "Why are you so massive?"  The bed suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a monster began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The tin man went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the bed.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a house.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The bed suddenly ran to a island.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with fires sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the house.  The house suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a man began to melt.  The man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The man began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I saw a blue monster with cats all over its feet.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a green classroom, and I felt slightly relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  A scarecrow appeared and began to melt.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of phones.  The scarecrow began to throw some bugs at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The classroom suddenly ran to a island, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive statue with dogs sticking out of its tongue.  The statue ran to a dorm.  The statue shouted "The metal triangles are in the ice"  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The statue began to throw some bugs at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a basement of a beach.  The island suddenly walked to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant man with cats coming out of its tongue.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The man began to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  A dinosaur appeared and started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the bed.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely towering"  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with wooden triangles everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the dorm.  I saw a small manager of the dorm with dogs on its face.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The manager of the dorm started melting.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The scene changed to a island, with a monster quickly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the island.  A man showed up and started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The cat went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the bed.  The cat grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant statue with wooden squares coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The statue began to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the beach.  I saw a pale tin man with snows all over its tongue.  The tin man started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with lavas everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the airport.  The scene changed to a island, with a manager of the island absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the island saying "That sucks"  

I was growing much larger in a childlike bed, and I felt slightly angry.  The bed suddenly showed me several wooden squares.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the bed.  I saw a red man with pens on its tongue.  The man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The man began to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a tin man began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the metal triangle"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of pens.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a beach.  The person who looked just like me shouted "The cars are in the log"  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a classroom.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several glass squares.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a red beach, and I wasn't worried.  The beach suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The beach suddenly began to grab me.  A man showed up and gave me some glass squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  The man melted into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with cars everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being concerned.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a island.  The bed suddenly drove to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and went to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous for some reason.  The bed suddenly walked to a house.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me stated "The pencils are in the mouse"  The airport suddenly began to shake.  The airport suddenly said "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man carefully melting.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The island suddenly said "That sucks"  The island suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The teacher started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the dorm.  The dog whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so green?"  

A cat came out of nowhere and showed me several wooden triangles.  The cat started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue monster with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to melt.  The monster began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I don't know why, but I went to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to throw some photos at me.  I saw a hideous tin man with metal triangles sticking out of its feet.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The tin man started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to melt.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  I saw a towering dog with lavas coming out of its eyes.  The dog drove to a classroom.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with logs all over its arms.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the bed.  A statue showed up and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The dinosaur sprinted to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small dog with insects on its back.  The dog started melting.  The dog began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shake.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dog began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a bright airport, and I felt very like I had done something terrible.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the airport.  The airport suddenly went to a classroom.  I saw a huge cat with dogs on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?" thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly said "Why are you so bright?"  The classroom suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The tin man started shaking.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The tin man began to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with fruit everywhere.  The house suddenly began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the house.  A man came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The man started to spit out lots of phones.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a red teacher with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The teacher started to spit out lots of snows.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I saw a green cat with bumps coming out of its toes.  The cat drove to a island.  The cat began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat appeared and went to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly drove to a beach.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dining hall.  The dorm suddenly began to throw some bags at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The cat shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A statue appeared and ran to a airport.  The statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike dog with logs on its toes.  The dog began to grab me.  The dog began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with pens on its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into the ground.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and walked to a church.  The scarecrow went to a island.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a hideous classroom, and I said "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the classroom.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the classroom.  The dinosaur began to punch me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and whispered "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to kick me.  The scarecrow began to sing to me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dining hall.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bumps.  I saw a tiny cat with spikes coming out of its back.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny monster with glass triangles all over its face.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the church.  The church suddenly ran to a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a director of the beach began to shake.  The director of the beach began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the beach.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man quickly growing much larger.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The dogs are in the metal square"  

My friends and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange basement of a bed on top of a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly stated "Why are you so red?"  A statue appeared and walked to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge cat with insects all over its tongue.  The cat started melting.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The wooden squares are in the log"  

A dog showed up and stated "You must look inside"  The dog began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat carefully shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny monster with lavas on its mouth.  The monster ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" thinking this would help.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and showed me several glass triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious for some reason.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the mouse" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the house.  The dog began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the church.  The church suddenly walked to a house.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a manager of the island began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the island.  The manager of the island started to spit out lots of snows.  I saw a obscure dog with glass triangles all over its tongue.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur showed me several photos.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the classroom.  The dog began to smack me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The dog started growing much larger.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur shouted "The cars are in the lava"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly gave me some dogs.  I don't know why, but I ran to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with lavas everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the bed.  I saw a blue statue with mice sticking out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so bright?"  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with pencils on its mouth.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  I saw a massive scarecrow with cars all over its tongue.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green cat with cats sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed thinking this would help.  The cat started crumbling.  The scene changed to a bed, with a man wildly growing much larger.  The man showed me several fires.  The man showed me several dogs.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the dorm.  I don't know why, but I ran to a basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge dinosaur with metal squares sticking out of its back.  The dinosaur began to melt.  The dinosaur went to a dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The teacher began to kick me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque basement of a airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The basement of a airport suddenly said "The pens are in the fire"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the basement of a airport.  I saw a hideous tin man with bumps sticking out of its feet.  The tin man began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The tin man drove to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and began to sing to me.  The statue gave me some ices.  The statue began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the classroom.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and showed me several cats.  The statue sprinted to a island.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into thin air.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with wooden squares everywhere.  The island suddenly began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the bed.  I saw a futuristic cat with insects sticking out of its feet.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The cat showed me several cats.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the bed.  The house suddenly began to sing to me.  I saw a childlike monster with logs on its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly gave me some insects, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and began to kick me.  The statue drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat wildly shaking.  The cat whispered "You must look inside"  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a statue stated "The lavas are in the metal triangle"  The statue began to melt.  The classroom suddenly began to kick me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  The church suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the basement of a church.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and walked to a basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The cat began to shake.  The cat began to crumble, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with lavas coming out of its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The statue whispered "You must look inside"  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the basement of a house.  The statue began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering man with photos sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried for some reason.  The man stated "You must look inside"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a island.  The man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I saw a green monster with bumps all over its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the island.  The man began to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange airport with phones everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike cat with metal squares on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had done something helpful for some reason.  The cat began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  The cat stated "That sucks"  The cat began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started melting.  The cat began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The cat ran to a house.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the house.  A dinosaur showed up and went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the beach.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and showed me several photos.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The teacher began to smack me, but I threw some metal squares at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I said "This is somewhat obscure"  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a blue cat with mice on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little huge" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the dining hall.  The teacher melted into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of cars.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me stated "You must look inside"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher ran to a church.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man carefully crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the airport.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a director of the house sprinted to a church.  The director of the house began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The director of the house began to melt.  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with snows sticking out of its legs.  The director of the house began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and showed me several photos.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The dog began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the island.  The dog sprinted to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the church.  A dinosaur appeared and walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a red scarecrow with spikes sticking out of its face.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue wildly shrinking in height.  The scarecrow gave me some pens.  I saw a pale monster with bugs coming out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the classroom.  The scarecrow drove to a church.  The church suddenly began to jump over me, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a red classroom, and I said "This is extremely grotesque"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the classroom.  I saw a massive dog with bumps on its back.  The dog shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly said "That sucks"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a graceful island, and I felt slightly relaxed.  The island suddenly began to shoot me.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the airport.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange dorm with cars everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the dorm.  I saw a red teacher with snows on its toes.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat appeared and gave me some dogs.  The cat ran to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to jump over me.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a monster sprinted to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the classroom.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a teacher slowly growing much larger.  The classroom suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the basement of a house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red cat with snows all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very small" for some reason.  The cat showed me several bags.  The cat shrunk in height into thin air.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and showed me several glass squares.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man started shaking.  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher carefully shrinking in height.  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a towering statue with lavas sticking out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the island.  The statue started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur ran to a island.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The dinosaur shouted "You must look inside"  A scarecrow appeared and shouted "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to yell at me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the airport.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green cat with snows on its face.  The cat gave me some pens.  The cat ran to a bed.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so green?"  

I saw a large person who looked just like me with photos all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me shouted "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of pens.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher wildly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  The monster went to a island.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The cat began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with lavas everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The bed suddenly gave me some pencils.  I don't know why, but I drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small dog with cars all over its tongue.  The dog began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dog began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a man wildly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the dorm.  I saw a green monster with dogs on its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I was growing much larger in a tiny airport, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I shouted "This is a little small"  The airport suddenly gave me some dogs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to slap me, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a massive dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?"  The dorm suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  A teacher appeared and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with pencils everywhere.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the house.  I saw a green dinosaur with dogs all over its toes.  The dinosaur shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into the ground.  

A dog showed up and shouted "The pens are in the insect"  The dog showed me several snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale cat with ices coming out of its back.  The cat began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a towering dorm, and I shouted "This is extremely futuristic"  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the dorm.  A dinosaur showed up and sprinted to a island.  The dinosaur gave me some logs.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of spikes.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

A tin man appeared and whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The tin man walked to a bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The tin man ran to a dining hall.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green dog with spikes on its face.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dog began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  The dog drove to a basement of a dorm.  A scarecrow showed up and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

A teacher showed up and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The teacher began to jump over me.  The scene changed to a island, with a dog slowly melting.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  A statue showed up and started shaking.  The teacher ran to a bed.  The island suddenly walked to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive dog with insects all over its tongue.  The dog began to melt.  The dog walked to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and started crumbling.  The tin man showed me several lavas.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a large statue with pencils on its eyes.  The statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a classroom.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher quickly shrinking in height.  The teacher stated "You must look inside"  The airport suddenly showed me several spikes.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering dog with logs sticking out of its feet.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dog began to grab me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?"  The house suddenly began to sing to me.  The dog began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very hideous" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with bumps all over its back.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster wildly melting.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several cars.  I saw a blue scarecrow with snows on its tongue.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a obscure statue with metal triangles all over its toes.  The statue began to take a photo of me.  The statue began to throw some bumps at me, but I screamed at it "This is very graceful"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly stated "Why are you so obscure?"  The statue began to punch me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat small"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The snows are in the car"  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a basement of a basement of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The basement of a basement of a beach suddenly began to stand on me.  A manager of the basement of a beach came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  The manager of the basement of a beach started to spit out lots of snows.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the basement of a beach saying "That sucks"  

I saw a blue scarecrow with cars sticking out of its tongue.  The scarecrow drove to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I said "I want to crumble"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the dorm.  I saw a towering person who looked just like me with fruit coming out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a green man with phones all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a church.  The man showed me several photos.  The man began to kick me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with ices everywhere.  The airport suddenly began to throw some logs at me.  The airport suddenly showed me several mice.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a monster quickly crumbling.  The monster started melting.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a dog began to kick me.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  The dog began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dog showed me several bags.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with fires all over its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely pleasant"  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a towering tin man with fruit sticking out of its toes.  The tin man started to spit out lots of mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and shouted "That sucks"  The statue began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The statue began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The logs are in the glass square"  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with insects all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt slightly worried.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The scarecrow gave me some bags.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with spikes everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a futuristic cat with fruit coming out of its toes.  The cat showed me several bumps.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me gave me some fires.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a bed.  The island suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly showed me several logs.  The person who looked just like me melted into nothingness.  

A statue appeared and started growing much larger.  The statue started to spit out lots of metal squares.  The statue began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt very relaxed.  The classroom suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I saw a tiny manager of the dining hall with logs coming out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the classroom.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and started growing much larger.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The teacher began to crumble.  The teacher began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is very large", and I smiled.  

I saw a red teacher with lavas sticking out of its legs.  The teacher began to kick me.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the classroom.  I saw a graceful leader of the classroom with snows all over its toes.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The classroom suddenly ran to a bed, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and started growing much larger.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The monster began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with mice coming out of its legs.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of spikes.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a house, with a dog absent-mindedly shaking.  The house suddenly began to sing to me.  I saw a small dinosaur with phones all over its mouth.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green statue with insects sticking out of its face.  The statue sprinted to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the island.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me wildly shrinking in height.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a red monster with pencils all over its tongue.  The statue whispered "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with pencils everywhere.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the island.  A director of the island came out of nowhere and stated "Why are you so enormous?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The director of the island started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic man with dogs all over its back.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The man started to spit out lots of bumps.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and gave me some pencils.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious for some reason.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a tiny house, and I whispered "This is very small"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the house.  A man showed up and started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the airport.  The house suddenly walked to a basement of a island.  The man began to throw some ices at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a towering basement of a airport, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the basement of a airport.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a dog carefully shaking.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some phones at me.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The dog grew much larger into thin air.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with spikes everywhere.  The bed suddenly walked to a house.  The bed suddenly drove to a dorm.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly said "The pencils are in the bag"  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a towering classroom, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a bed.  The bed suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of insects, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale dog with bugs coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?" thinking this would help.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the phone" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

I saw a small dinosaur with bumps sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to throw some metal triangles at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a church.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a small dinosaur with snows sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to shake, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and walked to a beach.  The man began to throw some dogs at me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The photos are in the pen"  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me gave me some wooden squares.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the house.  A dinosaur showed up and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The house suddenly drove to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque statue with bags all over its eyes.  The statue walked to a dining hall.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and ran to a island.  The island suddenly began to smack me.  The tin man went to a classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog gave me some ices.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with cars sticking out of its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the classroom.  The dog began to grow much larger.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a basement of a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the basement of a basement of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the classroom.  A dog came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The basement of a basement of a bed suddenly said "Why are you so grotesque?"  The dog began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous tin man with pencils sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful dorm, and I heard a voice say "The wooden squares are in the dog"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the dorm.  A man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of photos.  The man began to melt.  The dorm suddenly showed me several cars.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a small statue with cats coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the glass triangle" thinking this would help.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me whispered "That sucks"  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me showed me several bumps.  A director of the island came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The island suddenly started shaking.  The director of the island began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat futuristic"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the island, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The monster drove to a bed.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The monster began to shrink in height.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the dining hall.  The monster went to a house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant man with cats all over its toes.  The man began to kick me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The man started crumbling.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat quickly growing much larger.  The cat began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  The classroom suddenly showed me several pencils.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

A scarecrow appeared and stated "The mice are in the fruit"  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The scarecrow whispered "Why are you so large?", and I smiled.  

I was melting in a green church, and I felt a little content.  The church suddenly stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I shouted "I want to shrink in height"  The house suddenly gave me some logs.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with insects on its legs.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a director of the church went to a classroom.  The director of the church ran to a dining hall.  The director of the church drove to a island.  A teacher showed up and walked to a beach.  The teacher began to throw some fruit at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  The director of the church crumbled into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with lavas everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  A teacher showed up and drove to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  The teacher ran to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a childlike monster with spikes on its legs.  The monster began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The monster crumbled into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a pale house, and I felt slightly worried.  The house suddenly began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  A man came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The house suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious for some reason, and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a island, and I felt slightly anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  The dinosaur whispered "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I shouted "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the dorm.  A statue came out of nowhere and started melting.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a green house, and I stopped being concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the house.  I saw a graceful dog with photos all over its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

A man showed up and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster carefully growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small cat with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The cat gave me some pencils.  The cat started melting.  I don't know why, but I drove to a classroom.  The cat went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and ran to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The cat began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and started to spit out lots of spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The statue began to shrink in height.  The statue began to shoot me, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure tin man with photos on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?" for some reason.  The tin man showed me several metal triangles.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive man with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I saw a small monster with logs all over its mouth.  The monster began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and began to shake.  The monster began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The monster grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with pencils all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dinosaur walked to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the island.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and began to grow much larger.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dog began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the house.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  The island suddenly began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a bright airport, and I heard a voice say "The mice are in the pencil"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the airport.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and started melting.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a large airport, and I wasn't concerned.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  I saw a bright monster with phones on its feet.  The monster shouted "The metal triangles are in the pen"  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

A tin man appeared and started crumbling.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The tin man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a island.  The tin man began to kick me.  The island suddenly began to stand on me.  The tin man crumbled into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started to spit out lots of cats.  The person who looked just like me showed me several snows.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some cars at me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so huge?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a towering house, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the house.  I saw a green leader of the house with metal triangles on its tongue.  The leader of the house started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a large monster with fires coming out of its toes.  The monster started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive dog with photos all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The dog showed me several cats.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the airport.  I saw a red statue with spikes coming out of its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the airport.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike dog with ices coming out of its tongue.  The dog said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dog whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

I saw a bright dinosaur with snows all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dinosaur melted into thin air.  

I saw a green man with spikes all over its arms.  The man showed me several logs.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  I don't know why, but I drove to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The man began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure cat with bugs coming out of its eyes.  The cat said "You must look inside"  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a tin man began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the house.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and ran to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a large classroom, and I felt a little furious.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the classroom.  A director of the classroom appeared and began to punch me.  The director of the classroom began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The director of the classroom began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a cat showed me several bags.  The cat began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the bed.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The basement of a church suddenly said "The mice are in the cat"  The cat began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A monster showed up and started crumbling.  The monster began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue quickly melting.  The church suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The monster shook into the ground.  

I saw a obscure teacher with phones on its toes.  The teacher went to a church.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a airport, with a leader of the airport quickly shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly began to grab me.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and ran to a classroom.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The leader of the airport crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a obscure scarecrow with photos coming out of its mouth.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of phones.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster quickly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the bed.  A statue showed up and began to slap me.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scarecrow crumbled into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a dinosaur shouted "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly showed me several bugs.  The dinosaur showed me several phones.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me quickly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the dorm.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur sprinted to a island.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The dogs are in the cat"  

I saw a childlike dog with fires all over its arms.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The dog began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and stated "That sucks"  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly began to stand on me.  I saw a pleasant director of the dining hall with glass triangles on its toes.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and began to shrink in height.  The tin man showed me several fires.  The tin man began to smack me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dorm.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the dorm.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive statue with wooden triangles coming out of its tongue.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The statue gave me some snows.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a obscure tin man with pencils sticking out of its eyes.  The tin man stated "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The cat began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly began to melt.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure bed, and I shouted "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the bed.  The bed suddenly stated "The wooden triangles are in the ice"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque man with pencils on its legs.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  The man went to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering tin man with cars on its feet.  The tin man started to spit out lots of mice.  The tin man started to spit out lots of pens.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shaking.  The person who looked just like me gave me some metal squares.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a cat began to punch me.  The church suddenly began to stand on me.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  A leader of the church appeared and began to kick me.  The church suddenly began to slap me.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The leader of the church continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large dog with pens all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The metal squares are in the log" for some reason.  The dog said "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a beach, with a man slowly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the beach.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The man began to throw some lavas at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so large?"  

A dinosaur appeared and began to shake.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several bugs.  The dinosaur whispered "That sucks"  The dinosaur crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque tin man with phones sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" for some reason.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with bags all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some wooden squares at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a beach.  The church suddenly went to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I saw a futuristic statue with fires sticking out of its legs.  The statue sprinted to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the insect" for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a bright dining hall, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  A monster came out of nowhere and showed me several logs.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  A teacher appeared and started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the bed.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The tin man started to spit out lots of bugs.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a obscure cat with phones sticking out of its face.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a green church, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the church.  The church suddenly went to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher wildly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the dining hall.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

A cat showed up and started crumbling.  The cat began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with bags all over its mouth.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly showed me several bumps.  A man showed up and started melting.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The dinosaur gave me some ices.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the church.  A tin man appeared and shouted "That sucks"  The tin man started growing much larger.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The tin man melted into nothingness.  

I saw a bright teacher with snows all over its feet.  The teacher began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The church suddenly began to punch me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with bugs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the beach.  I saw a bright statue with insects on its mouth.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a teacher drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to jump over me.  The teacher began to smack me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I saw a blue scarecrow with insects sticking out of its mouth.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I felt slightly content.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green cat with logs all over its eyes.  The cat began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The cat said "Hey man, it happens"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  The cat began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The teacher began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with ices on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and began to shoot me.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The teacher began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and started shaking.  The statue said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a dog slowly shrinking in height.  The island suddenly began to shake.  I saw a grotesque tin man with insects sticking out of its toes.  The statue started to spit out lots of lavas.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with ices everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the island.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike statue with ices on its face.  The statue began to melt.  The statue began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I saw a grotesque dog with spikes all over its legs.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny cat with bumps all over its arms.  The cat began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The cat began to stand on me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed for some reason.  A dog appeared and gave me some pens.  The cat started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

A dinosaur appeared and began to grab me.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something helpful.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue carefully melting.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I saw a blue scarecrow with dogs all over its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the classroom.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The cat began to smack me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely red"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and gave me some mice.  The man began to shake.  The man began to melt.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a futuristic scarecrow with phones sticking out of its back.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to throw some pens at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant monster with insects on its tongue.  The monster whispered "The cars are in the photo"  The monster began to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

A scarecrow appeared and drove to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scarecrow crumbled into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a leader of the classroom said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious for some reason.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a hideous statue with pens all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The statue began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and showed me several pens.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man went to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The church suddenly whispered "The fires are in the insect"  The man began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being happy about it.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly drove to a church, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the dorm.  The basement of a church suddenly drove to a classroom.  I saw a massive tin man with spikes all over its feet.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some wooden squares at me.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and ran to a dorm.  The tin man started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the dorm.  The scene changed to a bed, with a manager of the bed absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the dorm.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a house.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man started growing much larger.  The tin man began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I saw a bright man with pencils on its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge teacher with bags on its tongue.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly began to sing to me.  I saw a massive dinosaur with insects sticking out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the island.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The teacher shook into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with logs everywhere.  The beach suddenly ran to a house.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  I saw a bright director of the house with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  The house suddenly gave me some snows.  The director of the house continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a man started shaking.  The man began to shoot me.  The man began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a blue manager of the beach with phones sticking out of its back.  The manager of the beach began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The man melted into the ground.  

I saw a green dog with mice on its back.  The dog began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a church.  The dog went to a classroom.  I saw a huge scarecrow with fires sticking out of its feet.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the classroom.  The scarecrow ran to a basement of a bed, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with lavas everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a basement of a beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  The bed suddenly went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering teacher with phones all over its tongue.  The teacher showed me several wooden squares.  The teacher went to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher appeared and began to smack me.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The teacher stated "The fires are in the bump"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to punch me.  The dinosaur walked to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the house.  I saw a huge monster with photos all over its face.  The house suddenly started shaking.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

A dog appeared and went to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dining hall.  A cat came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The dog began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue dinosaur with insects all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cats are in the log" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I shouted "This is somewhat green"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dinosaur crumbled into the ground.  

A man showed up and started to spit out lots of photos.  The man sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  The man started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The man began to throw some mice at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and drove to a bed.  The dinosaur shouted "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me carefully growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the bed.  A statue came out of nowhere and ran to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the bed.  The dinosaur said "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

A scarecrow appeared and started shaking.  The scarecrow sprinted to a airport.  The scarecrow shouted "Why are you so hideous?"  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  The scarecrow began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a graceful statue with cats on its feet.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The statue began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I don't know why, but I went to a bed.  The statue began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat massive"  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the bed.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to shake.  The church suddenly drove to a bed.  The dinosaur shouted "The bugs are in the spike"  I don't know why, but I went to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the bed.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and started to spit out lots of fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I threw some mice at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and began to crumble.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some fires at me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  I saw a red monster with snows on its tongue.  The beach suddenly went to a dorm.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange basement of a beach on top of a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The basement of a island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a red dinosaur with pens sticking out of its back.  The dinosaur gave me some bugs.  The dinosaur said "The bumps are in the glass square"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so red?"  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a statue sprinted to a island.  The statue began to punch me.  The statue began to throw some spikes at me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat slowly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The cat started to spit out lots of phones.  The cat grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with bugs sticking out of its legs.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the church.  The dinosaur gave me some wooden triangles.  The dinosaur melted into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  A dinosaur showed up and gave me some fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright man with lavas sticking out of its legs.  The man began to throw some ices at me.  The man began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I said "This is extremely childlike"  The man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "This is very pleasant"  A monster showed up and went to a dorm.  The man started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the house.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a cat began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a house.  The cat began to throw some fires at me.  A tin man appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly stated "The bumps are in the phone"  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a pleasant classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I shouted "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with pens sticking out of its legs.  The scarecrow began to grab me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A statue appeared and started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little small" for some reason.  The statue began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and began to shrink in height.  The man began to smack me.  The man showed me several pens.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the airport.  The man started melting, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The monster began to slap me.  The monster whispered "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being concerned.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and sprinted to a island.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The cat started crumbling.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the church.  I saw a obscure director of the church with bumps sticking out of its arms.  The cat started to spit out lots of dogs.  The director of the church began to grow much larger.  The director of the church crumbled into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with phones everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly said "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  A director of the dining hall appeared and started crumbling.  The director of the dining hall started to spit out lots of spikes.  The director of the dining hall drove to a bed.  The director of the dining hall continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with fruit coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Why are you so pleasant?"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bugs at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the bed.  A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of snows.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the classroom.  The cat began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with photos sticking out of its tongue.  The dog showed me several cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The teacher began to throw some wooden triangles at me.  The teacher drove to a basement of a airport.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a cat quickly melting.  The teacher began to slap me, but I screamed at it "This is very pale"  I saw a red man with cars coming out of its face.  The teacher gave me some fruit.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  I saw a tiny man with lavas all over its legs.  The basement of a dorm suddenly showed me several bugs.  The man walked to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher began to jump over me.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the bed.  I don't know why, but I drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the bed.  The teacher whispered "Why are you so tiny?"  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and began to yell at me.  The man began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  The man began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with cars on its feet.  The scarecrow shouted "You must look inside"  The scarecrow gave me some spikes.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The scarecrow gave me some cats.  I saw a hideous statue with mice all over its eyes.  The scarecrow shouted "Why are you so graceful?"  The statue began to crumble.  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

A tin man showed up and gave me some logs.  The tin man shouted "You must look inside"  The tin man sprinted to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "I want to crumble"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  A dog appeared and began to grow much larger.  The dog began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The dog melted into the ground.  

A tin man showed up and started growing much larger.  The tin man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I punched it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the house.  The house suddenly ran to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to crumble.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The mice are in the wooden triangle"  The scarecrow started melting.  I saw a childlike dog with fruit on its toes.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a church.  The dog began to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow stated "The phones are in the metal square"  The scarecrow began to throw some mice at me, but I threw some logs at it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat quickly growing much larger.  The cat started crumbling.  The cat started melting.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and showed me several bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified for some reason.  The cat began to throw some cars at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow showed me several lavas.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the island.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  A man appeared and said "You must look inside"  The scarecrow stated "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so small?"  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a tin man began to crumble.  The beach suddenly walked to a basement of a church.  The tin man ran to a basement of a basement of a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I said "Who are you?"  The basement of a church suddenly gave me some cats.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The dinosaur whispered "The pens are in the ice"  The dinosaur began to grab me.  I don't know why, but I went to a airport.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  A dog came out of nowhere and shouted "The cars are in the pencil"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the airport.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with bags everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had done something helpful for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the bed.  The bed suddenly gave me some cats.  The bed suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure statue with pencils all over its face.  The statue began to melt.  The statue gave me some lavas.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I saw a huge scarecrow with logs on its eyes.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the airport.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a cat started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I ran to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The cat began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a manager of the beach began to slap me.  The manager of the beach began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the beach.  A teacher appeared and ran to a island.  The teacher began to stand on me.  The island suddenly went to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the beach saying "Why are you so large?"  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with mice everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the island.  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with spikes coming out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the island.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

A teacher appeared and showed me several phones.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher walked to a classroom.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale cat with bags coming out of its tongue.  The cat began to throw some metal triangles at me.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some wooden squares at me.  The cat shrunk in height into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a church.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the airport.  A cat came out of nowhere and started melting.  The airport suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The wooden squares are in the metal square"  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a teacher began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The wooden triangles are in the snow" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the dorm.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  The teacher whispered "You must look inside"  The teacher began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The teacher crumbled into the ground.  

A statue showed up and began to grow much larger.  The statue stated "The cats are in the mouse"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious for some reason.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous statue with insects on its face.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a green cat with ices sticking out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the house.  The cat began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the house.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  A manager of the house came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The manager of the house gave me some fires.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a cat stated "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly gave me some logs.  The bed suddenly stated "The cats are in the log"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the phone" thinking this would help.  The dog began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow wildly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  A teacher came out of nowhere and gave me some cats.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to throw some phones at me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  The classroom suddenly went to a house.  I saw a graceful man with mice all over its tongue.  The house suddenly sprinted to a island.  The man began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The man began to jump over me, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and showed me several glass triangles.  The cat began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a futuristic dog with mice all over its tongue.  The dog began to slap me.  The dog began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and gave me some bumps.  The monster stated "The lavas are in the phone"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt strangely nervous.  The monster sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike dog with bugs sticking out of its tongue.  The dog said "The dogs are in the spike"  The dog began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The statue whispered "Why are you so large?"  The statue sprinted to a island.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a man absent-mindedly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the island.  A tin man showed up and went to a bed.  The man said "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  The tin man shook into nothingness.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  The teacher began to grab me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stated "That sucks"  The teacher began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me showed up and whispered "The photos are in the fire"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the beach.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat massive"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The pencils are in the photo"  

I saw a bright dinosaur with cats sticking out of its arms.  The dinosaur began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the classroom.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I took a photo of it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and stated "The spikes are in the pencil"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  The statue began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and showed me several cars.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The teacher started crumbling.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat huge"  The teacher began to crumble.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The man began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  The man shook into nothingness.  

A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the dorm.  The cat ran to a dining hall.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with glass squares on its mouth.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the dorm.  The dinosaur showed me several snows.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man slowly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful dog with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The dog began to throw some photos at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The dog stated "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the island.  The island suddenly shouted "The pens are in the metal triangle"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The statue began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  A dog came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The dog began to throw some cats at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly showed me several bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the classroom.  I saw a large leader of the classroom with glass triangles coming out of its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the dorm.  The classroom suddenly whispered "The bumps are in the pencil"  The leader of the classroom crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with photos all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I threw some cats at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely content for some reason.  The person who looked just like me melted into the ground.  

I saw a enormous man with mice all over its tongue.  The man drove to a house.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is extremely small" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

A scarecrow appeared and showed me several mice.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dog wildly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the bed.  The bed suddenly gave me some snows.  The scarecrow grew much larger into nothingness.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The scarecrow started melting.  I saw a grotesque dog with snows on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow grew much larger into nothingness.  

A monster showed up and began to shoot me.  The monster began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is a little grotesque"  The monster drove to a dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little bright" thinking this would help.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the dining hall.  The house suddenly walked to a airport, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow appeared and went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the island.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some photos at me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster slowly shaking.  The monster began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to grab me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the house.  The house suddenly showed me several phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a green teacher with photos coming out of its back.  The teacher began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The scene changed to a house, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the house.  I saw a red person who looked just like me with ices coming out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The island suddenly began to throw some glass squares at me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so green?"  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with pencils everywhere.  The island suddenly gave me some fires.  The island suddenly gave me some ices.  A dog appeared and began to throw some mice at me.  The dog started melting.  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some bags at me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the phone" thinking this would help.  I saw a pleasant director of the airport with spikes sticking out of its feet.  The director of the airport began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the pen" thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly stated "That sucks"  I saw a large monster with mice coming out of its feet.  The monster began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a pleasant house, and I stated "What's going on?"  The house suddenly gave me some snows.  The house suddenly sprinted to a island.  A tin man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the dorm.  I don't know why, but I drove to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the house.  The house suddenly began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue started to spit out lots of bugs.  The statue showed me several lavas.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a church.  The statue stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the dining hall.  The statue melted into thin air.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a basement of a airport.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the house.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  The airport suddenly shouted "Why are you so green?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the basement of a airport.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and showed me several lavas.  The monster began to throw some cats at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The monster started to spit out lots of logs.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to crumble.  The statue began to throw some ices at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  The statue drove to a basement of a island.  I saw a huge man with glass squares sticking out of its face.  The island suddenly began to grab me.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  The man crumbled into nothingness.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a man began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to stand on me.  The church suddenly went to a island.  The island suddenly shouted "Why are you so pale?"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The mice are in the wooden triangle"  

I saw a obscure teacher with dogs sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The teacher started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the island.  The teacher walked to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with snows sticking out of its legs.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "This is a little obscure"  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher quickly melting.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque statue with photos on its eyes.  The statue began to shrink in height.  The statue sprinted to a beach.  The statue shook into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with fires everywhere.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The airport suddenly showed me several dogs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt strangely like I had accomplished something terrible.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure island, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the island.  The island suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I saw a pleasant scarecrow with fires coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with mice on its face.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bugs.  The scarecrow started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue scarecrow with dogs sticking out of its back.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The scarecrow went to a airport.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a basement of a bed.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and started shaking.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a towering church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the church.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  A tin man appeared and began to stand on me.  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The church suddenly started melting.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to grab me.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a leader of the church wildly melting.  The church suddenly sprinted to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The leader of the church continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering man with glass triangles on its back.  The man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The bed suddenly ran to a island.  The island suddenly walked to a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with bugs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The dorm suddenly ran to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and drove to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher carefully crumbling.  The teacher began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  A scarecrow appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The cat began to kick me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The man shrunk in height into thin air.  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque airport, and I stated "This is very red"  The airport suddenly started melting.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The scene changed to a island, with a statue quickly crumbling.  The island suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the airport.  The statue shook into the ground.  

A man showed up and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The man started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I whispered "Hello?"  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The island suddenly sprinted to a house.  The cat grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a childlike dog with metal squares coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being scared.  The dog started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  The dog started melting.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and sprinted to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the island.  The tin man grew much larger into the ground.  

I was crumbling in a small basement of a basement of a bed, and I wasn't afraid.  The basement of a bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the basement of a bed.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a man wildly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the basement of a basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and shouted "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  The person who looked just like me drove to a basement of a dining hall.  I saw a pleasant teacher with pens sticking out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me whispered "The dogs are in the insect"  The teacher began to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so towering?"  

I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with dogs on its toes.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly said "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little small" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me showed me several insects.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque dog with snows sticking out of its arms.  The dog showed me several spikes.  The dog began to throw some bags at me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a house.  The dog showed me several pens.  The dog showed me several logs.  The dog shook into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a leader of the dorm started to spit out lots of bags.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the dorm.  A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some pencils.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and started growing much larger.  The dog went to a house.  The dog began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I saw a massive teacher with spikes coming out of its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  The dog began to punch me, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with fruit everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I saw a green tin man with phones all over its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the church.  The church suddenly began to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so green?"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The dinosaur began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to melt, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike man with logs sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The man began to grow much larger.  A statue showed up and started crumbling.  The church suddenly began to throw some pencils at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the church.  The man shrunk in height into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the church.  The church suddenly began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the beach.  The church suddenly gave me some bags.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the church, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher started crumbling.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a graceful man with cats on its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the classroom.  The man showed me several metal triangles.  The man shook into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a small dining hall, and I wasn't scared.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I whispered "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of bags, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive cat with lavas sticking out of its face.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The cat began to shake.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the dining hall.  The cat walked to a dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque dog with snows all over its mouth.  The dog began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the bag" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I wasn't scared.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man started to spit out lots of ices.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a beach.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the airport.  I saw a childlike statue with metal triangles coming out of its face.  The airport suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the beach.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The statue began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant man with spikes coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had accomplished something terrible thinking this would help.  The man drove to a airport.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat slowly melting.  The cat began to shoot me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The cat began to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so grotesque?"  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of snows.  The man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  The man said "That sucks"  The man began to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a beach.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  The house suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a pleasant manager of the house with dogs sticking out of its mouth.  The house suddenly walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to melt" for some reason.  The house suddenly shouted "The photos are in the car"  A man appeared and started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and started growing much larger.  The dog began to sing to me.  The dog stated "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with spikes everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "This is extremely tiny"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and went to a dining hall.  The man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous statue with bags all over its face.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The statue began to grab me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat pleasant"  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me wildly melting.  The house suddenly began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small tin man with photos on its back.  The tin man started to spit out lots of spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with pencils coming out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the dorm.  A monster came out of nowhere and shouted "The dogs are in the spike"  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly drove to a house.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A statue appeared and ran to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stated "Who are you?"  The statue began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The beach suddenly began to melt.  The statue melted into nothingness.  

I saw a hideous teacher with photos sticking out of its tongue.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the lava"  The teacher said "Why are you so hideous?"  A statue came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The teacher began to smack me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The island suddenly went to a beach.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to slap me.  The dinosaur sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog gave me some pens.  The dog walked to a church.  The church suddenly started melting.  I saw a enormous statue with ices sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the church.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is extremely huge" thinking this would help.  The monster began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a beach.  The monster started growing much larger.  I saw a graceful statue with pens sticking out of its toes.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge dog with pencils sticking out of its arms.  The dog began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something satisfying.  The dog began to smack me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster slowly shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of glass squares.  I saw a small dinosaur with mice all over its feet.  The monster shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started melting.  The teacher began to grab me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a huge monster with insects coming out of its toes.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a dog gave me some snows.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The dog began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dog began to throw some pencils at me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and started melting.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I don't know why, but I went to a house.  The house suddenly gave me some pens.  I saw a massive statue with metal triangles coming out of its toes.  The statue showed me several fruit.  The statue began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The statue grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a small teacher with snows coming out of its feet.  The teacher stated "Why are you so small?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  I saw a towering teacher with glass squares all over its legs.  The house suddenly shouted "The snows are in the ice"  The house suddenly drove to a bed.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with pens everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I shouted "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fires are in the ice" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly shouted "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous tin man with fruit coming out of its face.  The tin man started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a teacher started to spit out lots of fruit.  The teacher began to throw some bags at me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the church.  A manager of the church came out of nowhere and gave me some metal squares.  The church suddenly went to a classroom.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and said "The snows are in the cat"  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  The scarecrow showed me several bugs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to crumble.  The classroom suddenly stated "Why are you so large?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a massive house, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the house.  The house suddenly began to slap me.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly started melting.  The teacher sprinted to a church.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with fires everywhere.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the dorm.  A scarecrow appeared and started shaking.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the dorm.  The scarecrow melted into thin air.  

I saw a grotesque man with fruit on its mouth.  The man began to shrink in height.  The man started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The man began to smack me.  A dinosaur showed up and began to grow much larger.  The man showed me several phones.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

I was melting in a blue dining hall, and I began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  A dog came out of nowhere and shouted "Why are you so blue?"  The dog began to yell at me.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The dog melted into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a airport.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale man with cats all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The man began to sing to me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with bugs all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  The man melted into thin air.  

A teacher appeared and began to shake.  The teacher went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The teacher began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster started to spit out lots of pencils.  The monster began to smack me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The monster began to throw some mice at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a house, with a teacher carefully shaking.  The monster shouted "The cats are in the fire"  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue person who looked just like me with cats on its mouth.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and began to shake.  The monster drove to a island.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster grew much larger into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a bright beach, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the beach.  The beach suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the beach.  The beach suddenly showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a futuristic dining hall, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a house.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The statue went to a basement of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the house.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The tin man started to spit out lots of cars.  The tin man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The tin man crumbled into nothingness.  

A man showed up and began to yell at me.  The man said "The dogs are in the phone"  The man began to throw some bags at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur slowly crumbling.  The man began to sing to me.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge teacher with lavas on its arms.  The teacher said "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher shouted "Why are you so huge?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly shouted "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a church.  The bed suddenly began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the church.  The airport suddenly began to crumble, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The cat gave me some insects.  The cat showed me several spikes.  The scene changed to a house, with a manager of the house absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the house.  I saw a pale teacher with cars sticking out of its feet.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the photo" for some reason.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and started to spit out lots of photos.  The man stated "That sucks"  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt strangely nervous.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly went to a dorm.  The man melted into the ground.  

I saw a graceful monster with fruit on its mouth.  The monster began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The monster began to throw some phones at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't know why, but I went to a basement of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  I saw a futuristic dog with fires all over its toes.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to shake.  The house suddenly said "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I whispered "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly walked to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a church.  The dorm suddenly ran to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the airport.  A leader of the dorm showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  The leader of the dorm began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The leader of the dorm continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small dog with spikes sticking out of its tongue.  The dog started melting.  The dog began to grab me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue teacher with dogs sticking out of its legs.  The teacher began to sing to me.  The teacher began to slap me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A dinosaur appeared and ran to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly gave me some cats.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I saw a massive scarecrow with photos all over its back.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Why are you so massive?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the beach.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and ran to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  I don't know why, but I walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the island, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a monster started shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  The monster showed me several cars.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to throw some insects at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a towering classroom, and I felt slightly worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the classroom.  I saw a enormous monster with insects sticking out of its legs.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The monster began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow appeared and sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly started melting.  The scarecrow ran to a basement of a island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the dining hall.  The house suddenly showed me several phones.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and said "The mice are in the bug"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some spikes at me.  The person who looked just like me showed me several bugs.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dog carefully shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  A tin man appeared and showed me several pens.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bags at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I was shaking in a childlike church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?"  The church suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The church suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a large house, and I wasn't worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  I saw a bright man with logs coming out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The house suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The man crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a bright tin man with phones all over its feet.  The tin man stated "The wooden triangles are in the ice"  The tin man began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a monster began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the house.  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with mice all over its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the house.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and sprinted to a airport.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the basement of a house.  A statue came out of nowhere and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the basement of a house.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is somewhat bright" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous teacher with snows coming out of its tongue.  The teacher began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The teacher said "The metal squares are in the spike"  I don't know why, but I ran to a bed.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The teacher showed me several lavas.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had accomplished something great thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a bed.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with lavas coming out of its mouth.  The bed suddenly drove to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike monster with bags on its tongue.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The monster started growing much larger.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with fires all over its back.  The dinosaur started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shake" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge tin man with spikes coming out of its arms.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The tin man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The tin man began to melt.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to throw some fires at me.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The teacher shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so green?"  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the house.  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic dog with bugs sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shrink in height.  The dog began to melt.  A tin man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The dog began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The dog showed me several mice.  I jolted awake.  

A man came out of nowhere and stated "The bumps are in the car"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The man began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a pale dog with metal triangles on its toes.  The dog shouted "That sucks"  The dog showed me several logs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being concerned.  The dog began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  I saw a bright man with lavas on its face.  The man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange basement of a classroom on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some glass squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little small" thinking this would help.  I saw a graceful dog with spikes sticking out of its eyes.  The dog began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the classroom.  The dog grew much larger into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a childlike bed, and I felt a little nervous.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  A teacher appeared and ran to a dining hall.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The teacher began to grab me, but I threw some wooden triangles at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and showed me several insects.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue started crumbling.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the church.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The phones are in the car"  

A man showed up and began to smack me.  The man started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive tin man with cats on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me quickly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with phones on its feet.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I threw some spikes at it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  A director of the island came out of nowhere and gave me some pencils.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The director of the island shrunk in height into the ground.  

A cat showed up and gave me some fruit.  The cat began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I don't know why, but I ran to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The classroom suddenly began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and started melting.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The statue went to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with cats sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me stated "Why are you so grotesque?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  The island suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so large?"  

I was melting in a small church, and I wasn't happy about it.  The church suddenly drove to a basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly began to grab me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the basement of a house.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a huge bed, and I whispered "I want to grow much larger"  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  A dog showed up and walked to a dining hall.  The dog began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the bed.  The dog shrunk in height into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange basement of a bed with pencils everywhere.  The bed suddenly showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the airport.  The basement of a bed suddenly started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with bags everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some logs.  The scene changed to a bed, with a manager of the dining hall quickly crumbling.  The manager of the dining hall started to spit out lots of mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the dining hall saying "Why are you so green?"  

I saw a massive monster with dogs on its tongue.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The monster said "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a bed, and I wasn't concerned.  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  I saw a graceful statue with snows coming out of its toes.  The monster began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike statue with photos sticking out of its tongue.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  The statue began to throw some fires at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the dining hall.  The statue crumbled into the ground.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dog began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dog stated "Why are you so green?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  A cat appeared and began to crumble.  The airport suddenly said "That sucks"  The cat began to throw some logs at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with photos on its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I shouted at it "This is very pale"  The person who looked just like me went to a basement of a house.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous thinking this would help.  The man began to throw some spikes at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt very content.  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The man began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so huge?"  

A statue came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The statue went to a bed.  The statue began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a man sprinted to a dorm.  The man began to grab me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher carefully crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The teacher shook into nothingness.  

I saw a large dog with fires coming out of its legs.  The dog began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dog began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the beach.  I saw a blue leader of the beach with logs on its back.  The dog gave me some bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the beach saying "Why are you so blue?"  

I was growing much larger in a enormous classroom, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  The classroom suddenly began to throw some mice at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a massive classroom, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dorm.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and showed me several bags.  The tin man began to throw some mice at me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The tin man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large monster with fires on its eyes.  The monster began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being happy about it.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a tiny tin man with bumps on its legs.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The tin man ran to a classroom.  A man came out of nowhere and gave me some glass triangles.  The man started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the beach.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A teacher appeared and began to punch me.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The teacher started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a monster started melting.  The monster stated "The dogs are in the spike"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the airport.  The scene changed to a house, with a cat quickly shrinking in height.  The monster shouted "Why are you so large?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a manager of the dining hall began to grab me.  The manager of the dining hall began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog quickly shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of glass squares.  The beach suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a cat began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the bed.  The cat began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The cat went to a beach.  The bed suddenly showed me several fruit.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  A cat came out of nowhere and walked to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the island.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a bright beach, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a basement of a basement of a island.  The basement of a basement of a island suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly showed me several lavas, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat large"  A monster appeared and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified thinking this would help.  The monster gave me some phones.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a obscure house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the house.  A cat came out of nowhere and whispered "Why are you so obscure?"  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The cat sprinted to a dining hall.  The cat crumbled into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with phones everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the airport.  I saw a massive dinosaur with pens on its mouth.  The airport suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a tin man gave me some bugs.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the airport.  The tin man began to stand on me.  The tin man grew much larger into the ground.  

I was crumbling in a bright classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly said "That sucks"  I saw a futuristic tin man with metal squares on its mouth.  The tin man gave me some ices.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some bugs at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue tin man with glass triangles on its toes.  The tin man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with fires on its face.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some snows at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a hideous statue with snows all over its tongue.  The statue ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the dorm.  I saw a huge tin man with logs on its face.  The dorm suddenly gave me some bumps.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow ran to a airport.  The classroom suddenly showed me several logs.  The scarecrow whispered "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scarecrow went to a beach, and I smiled.  

A monster showed up and began to stand on me.  The monster began to smack me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The monster began to slap me, but I threw some fruit at it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the house.  I saw a large teacher with pens coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The house suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a green basement of a dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  A man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to throw some bugs at me.  The man ran to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The man gave me some bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

A monster appeared and began to grow much larger.  The monster began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  I saw a green dinosaur with glass squares all over its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive dog with cars on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The dog began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some mice.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I don't know why, but I drove to a classroom.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a large church, and I began to shake.  The church suddenly began to smack me.  The church suddenly began to slap me.  I saw a massive manager of the church with ices sticking out of its back.  The manager of the church began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and drove to a island.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The island suddenly said "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque dining hall, and I said "This is somewhat tiny"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt slightly like I had done something terrible.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a island, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the dorm.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and showed me several metal squares.  The cat began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly began to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly drove to a island.  The bed suddenly went to a dorm.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster quickly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The snows are in the bag"  

I saw a enormous dog with cats all over its back.  The dog began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  The dog began to shake.  The dog melted into thin air.  

I was crumbling in a tiny house, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stated "This is a little blue"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to jump over me.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the bed.  The bed suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "The cats are in the bump"  The man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a beach.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the airport.  A man showed up and began to smack me.  The man started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the airport.  A cat came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  The cat began to grab me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The airport suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow showed me several photos.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the airport.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  A person who looked just like me appeared and showed me several ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the airport.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque beach, and I began to shake.  The beach suddenly began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me gave me some glass squares.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a enormous monster with snows all over its back.  The monster started growing much larger.  The monster began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a beach, with a man carefully crumbling.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The beach suddenly went to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I was melting in a enormous airport, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly went to a basement of a church.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large man with bags sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a statue quickly shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  A dog appeared and began to yell at me.  The man sprinted to a bed.  The bed suddenly showed me several fruit.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The dog began to melt.  The dog stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with spikes everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a futuristic airport, and I began to melt.  The airport suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me went to a island.  The dining hall suddenly began to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and gave me some phones.  The statue stated "The fires are in the ice"  The statue began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red dinosaur with bags all over its toes.  The dinosaur began to punch me.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some insects at me.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a director of the basement of a island wildly melting.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  A dog appeared and shouted "Why are you so red?"  The director of the basement of a island began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to sing to me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  A tin man showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure dog with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dog started melting.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  I saw a grotesque teacher with wooden triangles coming out of its eyes.  The dog ran to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several pencils.  I saw a graceful statue with fruit coming out of its back.  The statue began to punch me.  The statue showed me several insects.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The cats are in the pen"  

A statue appeared and began to punch me.  The statue began to crumble.  The statue sprinted to a dorm.  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The tin man gave me some fruit.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dining hall.  The tin man began to throw some fires at me.  The tin man began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a cat started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the dorm.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a towering basement of a house, and I wasn't worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly began to shake.  I saw a massive manager of the basement of a house with lavas coming out of its back.  The manager of the basement of a house began to shrink in height.  The manager of the basement of a house began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The last thing I remember is the manager of the basement of a house saying "Why are you so small?"  

A cat appeared and gave me some pens.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The cat began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something helpful.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A dog showed up and began to melt.  The dog began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me carefully growing much larger.  The bed suddenly showed me several phones.  I saw a massive tin man with bags coming out of its eyes.  The dog began to shoot me.  The tin man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started shaking.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me shouted "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with glass squares everywhere.  The dorm suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the dorm.  I saw a huge man with ices coming out of its tongue.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the dorm.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with bumps everywhere.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I saw a massive man with pencils on its arms.  The man ran to a bed.  The man went to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a statue started shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The statue showed me several mice.  I saw a enormous scarecrow with pencils coming out of its mouth.  The beach suddenly ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The statue grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a teacher gave me some cats.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  A cat came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dorm suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The cat began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange basement of a dorm on top of a church.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the basement of a dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with phones on its back.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is very grotesque"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a teacher wildly shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The classroom suddenly walked to a bed.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

A statue appeared and began to shake.  The statue went to a classroom.  The statue began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The statue started to spit out lots of bumps.  I saw a red monster with spikes sticking out of its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the dining hall.  The statue drove to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

I was growing much larger in a green church, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the church.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  I saw a blue monster with logs on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The church suddenly drove to a island.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow drove to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to throw some dogs at me.  I saw a enormous dinosaur with logs sticking out of its eyes.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I threw some wooden squares at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale cat with fires coming out of its arms.  The cat began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a man absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The cat began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The man started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a blue church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The basement of a dining hall suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and started shrinking in height.  The cat started growing much larger.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some mice at me, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The teacher began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The teacher began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  A man showed up and began to grab me.  The island suddenly began to yell at me.  The teacher started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and began to slap me.  The man started shrinking in height.  The man began to crumble.  The man went to a beach, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and began to shoot me.  The man started melting.  The man started shaking.  I don't know why, but I went to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I saw a childlike tin man with phones coming out of its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the classroom.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and began to sing to me.  The statue started melting.  The statue began to grab me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The teacher began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The teacher began to smack me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a bright island, and I stopped being worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the island.  The island suddenly gave me some cats.  I saw a tiny tin man with pencils coming out of its arms.  The tin man started to spit out lots of mice.  The tin man shouted "You must look inside"  The tin man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and stated "The metal squares are in the fruit"  The statue began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The statue began to throw some dogs at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The statue melted into thin air.  

A man came out of nowhere and showed me several fruit.  The man began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "This is a little small"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The man began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a childlike basement of a church, and I felt a little anxious.  The basement of a church suddenly began to smack me.  The basement of a church suddenly started crumbling.  A dinosaur showed up and began to shrink in height.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the basement of a church.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with insects everywhere.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  The airport suddenly began to kick me.  I saw a towering cat with bugs coming out of its tongue.  The cat began to throw some logs at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a pale island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  The island suddenly showed me several cars.  The scene changed to a house, with a dog slowly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the island.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dog showed me several wooden squares, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a green island, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the island.  The island suddenly began to kick me.  I saw a huge cat with cats all over its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the island.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and started to spit out lots of bags.  The man began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  The man began to punch me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green scarecrow with bags sticking out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow began to throw some metal triangles at me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a monster started to spit out lots of mice.  The monster started crumbling.  The monster started melting.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The monster walked to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dorm.  The house suddenly started melting.  The dorm suddenly showed me several snows.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the dog"  The dorm suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a small beach, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I saw a tiny scarecrow with bumps on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the fire" for some reason.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with photos all over its back.  The dinosaur walked to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large man with mice on its back.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright cat with fires coming out of its toes.  The cat began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The cat began to throw some phones at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so bright?"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and gave me some phones.  The tin man walked to a dining hall.  The tin man started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The tin man began to throw some glass squares at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  A monster appeared and began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the bed.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a hideous church, and I wasn't worried.  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the church.  I saw a massive monster with insects sticking out of its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the island.  The monster began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something wrong.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a massive dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the log" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the dorm.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly drove to a house.  A monster came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bumps.  The dinosaur gave me some mice.  The dinosaur whispered "The fruit are in the phone"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and showed me several bugs.  The cat began to crumble.  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a massive house, and I felt a little worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I stated "This is somewhat futuristic"  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of glass squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a green beach, and I began to crumble.  The beach suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  I saw a blue director of the beach with wooden triangles coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly went to a dorm.  The director of the beach crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a huge dog with insects sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the pencil" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the house.  I saw a enormous statue with dogs sticking out of its mouth.  The dog sprinted to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the house, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a dog began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being afraid.  The dog went to a house.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The pencils are in the car"  

I saw a hideous dog with insects all over its legs.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some phones at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  The dog showed me several lavas.  A monster showed up and went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and went to a basement of a dining hall.  The scarecrow began to throw some cars at me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The dining hall suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge tin man with mice sticking out of its face.  The tin man ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  The tin man gave me some wooden squares.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The tin man began to throw some ices at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The scarecrow shook into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with bags everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the bed.  A statue appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow gave me some cars.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The scarecrow gave me some metal squares.  The classroom suddenly began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  The man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The cat whispered "You must look inside"  The cat began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the basement of a airport.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A statue showed up and began to melt.  The statue started shaking.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to shrink in height.  The statue started growing much larger.  The statue sprinted to a classroom.  The statue grew much larger into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me showed me several dogs.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher slowly shaking.  The teacher began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I threw some snows at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a tiny house, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the house.  The house suddenly stated "Why are you so bright?"  A manager of the house appeared and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The manager of the house began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red statue with snows all over its feet.  The statue showed me several pens.  The statue began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  The statue began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  A person who looked just like me appeared and started shaking.  The statue began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure teacher with fruit on its toes.  The teacher stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to throw some pencils at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a statue sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a church.  The statue began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the house.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something wrong.  The bed suddenly shouted "The insects are in the ice"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stated "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with bugs everywhere.  The airport suddenly drove to a bed.  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the classroom.  I saw a red dog with bumps sticking out of its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and started growing much larger.  The statue started crumbling.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the house.  A tin man came out of nowhere and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the house.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure man with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  The man went to a dorm.  The man started melting.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The tin man showed me several glass triangles.  The tin man began to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a teacher began to crumble.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being worried.  The teacher said "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a futuristic church, and I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the car"  The church suddenly said "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the church.  A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of insects.  The tin man began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is a little small"  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with ices everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  A monster came out of nowhere and drove to a church.  The monster began to yell at me.  The monster ran to a island.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The spikes are in the log"  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a statue began to grab me.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The statue showed me several logs.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The cars are in the insect"  

I was shrinking in height in a huge church, and I shouted "That sucks"  The church suddenly showed me several pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the church.  I saw a enormous manager of the church with spikes on its toes.  The manager of the church whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The manager of the church began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the church saying "That sucks"  

A tin man showed up and gave me some bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dog absent-mindedly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  A teacher showed up and showed me several photos.  The tin man began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly showed me several glass squares.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a classroom.  The house suddenly showed me several dogs.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  A monster showed up and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had accomplished something satisfying for some reason.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The cat started growing much larger.  The cat began to crumble.  The cat began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant house, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very tiny" for some reason.  The house suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The house suddenly shouted "Why are you so tiny?"  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly gave me some insects.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and gave me some bugs.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

A man appeared and started melting.  The man stated "That sucks"  The man began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The man ran to a classroom.  A monster came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The man walked to a bed.  The man began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with pens all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to throw some cats at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so towering?"  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with metal squares all over its feet.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started melting.  The scarecrow said "The spikes are in the phone"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being concerned.  The island suddenly showed me several mice.  A statue showed up and started to spit out lots of cars.  The island suddenly began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the island.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a hideous house, and I stopped being happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a man wildly shrinking in height.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The man showed me several glass triangles, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with lavas everywhere.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  The island suddenly began to stand on me.  I saw a bright dinosaur with phones coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the island.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue dinosaur with logs all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had done something wrong thinking this would help.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several metal squares.  A monster appeared and began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with bumps coming out of its face.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat large"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to crumble.  The church suddenly drove to a basement of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a tin man started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to jump over me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the bed.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur appeared and began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to throw some logs at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The beach suddenly began to jump over me.  The dinosaur crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with fruit coming out of its mouth.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the dining hall.  I saw a large statue with phones all over its tongue.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The dining hall suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The statue grew much larger into thin air.  

I was growing much larger in a large classroom, and I said "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly showed me several dogs.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The classroom suddenly walked to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly said "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a towering monster with photos all over its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the basement of a airport.  The basement of a airport suddenly showed me several spikes.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several glass squares.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The teacher began to throw some spikes at me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a island.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The island suddenly ran to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly drove to a airport.  The church suddenly went to a bed.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and ran to a dorm.  The dog began to grab me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dog began to throw some mice at me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dog began to throw some pencils at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The dog began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The dog crumbled into thin air.  

A scarecrow appeared and showed me several bugs.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the dorm.  I saw a pale cat with spikes coming out of its legs.  The cat began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious for some reason.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The monster began to kick me.  The monster began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The monster gave me some lavas.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the church.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a blue basement of a beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The basement of a beach suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the basement of a beach.  A statue appeared and started crumbling.  The beach suddenly ran to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some dogs.  The dog gave me some insects.  The dog began to punch me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the island.  The basement of a island suddenly drove to a house.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and showed me several snows.  The cat gave me some bags.  The cat started melting.  The scene changed to a island, with a dog carefully shrinking in height.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The teacher said "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The dorm suddenly walked to a bed.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with lavas everywhere.  The dorm suddenly drove to a beach.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The beach suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the airport, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and whispered "That sucks"  The dog began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dog showed me several bumps.  The dog began to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a huge dining hall, and I stopped being happy about it.  The dining hall suddenly went to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I don't know why, but I drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with metal squares everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I saw a hideous director of the beach with fires all over its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the beach.  The director of the beach began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I jolted awake.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  The teacher began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The teacher began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with cars coming out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me drove to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I saw a childlike monster with cats sticking out of its feet.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a beach.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dorm suddenly drove to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scarecrow drove to a basement of a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the house.  A cat appeared and started melting.  The cat began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a manager of the bed showed me several mice.  The manager of the bed began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The manager of the bed started crumbling.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed thinking this would help.  The manager of the bed began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "This is a little huge"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The monster began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dining hall suddenly walked to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous cat with fires coming out of its legs.  The cat began to shake.  The cat started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the dorm.  I saw a childlike man with bumps coming out of its eyes.  The dorm suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of cars.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some mice at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something great.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The tin man whispered "That sucks"  The tin man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The scene changed to a church, with a dog quickly crumbling.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  A person who looked just like me showed up and said "The lavas are in the ice"  The tin man began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The church suddenly began to melt.  The dog melted into nothingness.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog began to shoot me.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly showed me several fruit.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dog grew much larger into nothingness.  

I was shaking in a red dorm, and I stopped being worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I saw a graceful tin man with cats sticking out of its mouth.  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  The tin man began to punch me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The tin man sprinted to a bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with photos on its face.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The glass triangles are in the wooden triangle"  

I saw a massive statue with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  The statue ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to throw some cats at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the airport.  A scarecrow showed up and began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the church.  The statue melted into nothingness.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content for some reason.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is somewhat pale" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why, but I drove to a basement of a island.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  I saw a towering monster with cats on its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the basement of a island.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a small dinosaur with snows all over its feet.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The dinosaur began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  A statue appeared and began to melt.  The bed suddenly walked to a house.  The statue started to spit out lots of spikes.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green teacher with snows coming out of its eyes.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  The teacher started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The teacher began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a airport.  The island suddenly began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the island.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat wildly shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  The cat began to slap me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The cat melted into thin air.  

I saw a pale cat with photos coming out of its legs.  The cat showed me several fruit.  The cat began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a basement of a house.  The house suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A tin man showed up and started crumbling.  The cat walked to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a basement of a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow started to spit out lots of logs.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow went to a house.  The scene changed to a bed, with a statue wildly growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to throw some snows at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the bed, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and gave me some photos.  The dog ran to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the dorm.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small teacher with fires all over its face.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The teacher shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I was crumbling in a towering airport, and I began to melt.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  The airport suddenly drove to a house.  I saw a hideous teacher with bumps on its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the airport.  The teacher began to grab me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge dinosaur with insects coming out of its face.  The dinosaur gave me some bags.  The dinosaur said "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale cat with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The cat began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something wrong.  The scene changed to a airport, with a scarecrow quickly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the airport.  I saw a red monster with spikes coming out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A statue appeared and sprinted to a basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly started growing much larger.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow quickly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the island.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The man began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being concerned.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The house suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man shook into thin air.  

A teacher appeared and went to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly said "You must look inside"  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The teacher gave me some dogs.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The classroom suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow drove to a beach.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow ran to a airport.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly showed me several fruit.  The church suddenly showed me several pencils.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a large scarecrow with bugs all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The scarecrow showed me several mice.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the log"  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with phones on its tongue.  The scarecrow walked to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue tin man with pencils coming out of its eyes.  The tin man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic house, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the house.  The house suddenly showed me several insects.  I saw a pale statue with photos all over its face.  The statue began to slap me.  The house suddenly started shaking.  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a small classroom, and I shouted "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  I saw a childlike man with bumps sticking out of its legs.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the classroom.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a childlike classroom, and I stated "Hello?"  The classroom suddenly said "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow sprinted to a beach.  The beach suddenly ran to a basement of a basement of a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue tin man with pencils on its arms.  The tin man began to punch me.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  The tin man started crumbling.  A scarecrow showed up and began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The scarecrow ran to a dining hall.  The scarecrow drove to a basement of a island, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and drove to a house.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The man began to throw some glass squares at me.  The man started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The bugs are in the dog"  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with bumps on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely pale", and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny dog with bugs on its back.  The dog started melting.  The dog began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the dorm.  The dog ran to a classroom.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to yell at me.  The scarecrow went to a house.  The scarecrow ran to a classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't happy about it.  The scarecrow gave me some snows.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small man with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  The man drove to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue slowly shaking.  The man started crumbling.  A leader of the dorm showed up and began to melt.  The dorm suddenly showed me several spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the snow" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with bumps all over its toes.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of logs.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I wasn't concerned.  The dinosaur drove to a house.  The house suddenly began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  A tin man appeared and gave me some bumps.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is somewhat grotesque" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The mice are in the snow"  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a man began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  The man began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  The man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something terrible.  The man shook into thin air.  

I was crumbling in a childlike dorm, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to melt.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the house.  The scarecrow walked to a bed.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a statue began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly gave me some photos.  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a enormous scarecrow with cars all over its face.  The scarecrow gave me some logs.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive monster with bags on its eyes.  The monster began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The cat started to spit out lots of phones.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little massive" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large scarecrow with fruit all over its legs.  The scarecrow showed me several phones.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous monster with cars all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?" for some reason.  The monster started shaking.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  A cat showed up and began to crumble.  The monster began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  The cat showed me several bugs.  The monster shook into thin air.  

A cat appeared and walked to a church.  The cat began to throw some phones at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The cat began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue carefully growing much larger.  The statue started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a small man with spikes on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous for some reason.  The man gave me some glass squares.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small tin man with pens coming out of its mouth.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little large" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic cat with glass squares all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The cat began to shoot me.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with bumps all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a monster quickly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and shouted "The photos are in the mouse"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

A teacher appeared and drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the church.  The teacher began to crumble.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the church.  The basement of a house suddenly walked to a basement of a airport.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The cat began to throw some phones at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scene changed to a island, with a monster absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the island.  The island suddenly said "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and shouted "The glass squares are in the mouse"  The cat started melting.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster wildly growing much larger.  The monster began to throw some photos at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I saw a hideous statue with insects sticking out of its tongue.  The cat started shaking.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The dog began to throw some pencils at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dog started to spit out lots of bumps.  The dog began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is very huge", and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a dog ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dog began to jump over me.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat carefully shaking.  The cat drove to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with lavas sticking out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me gave me some cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a manager of the dining hall carefully crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat childlike"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the dining hall saying "The pens are in the lava"  

I saw a obscure tin man with pens all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't afraid.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  I saw a blue teacher with dogs on its face.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The house suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so blue?"  

A tin man showed up and began to smack me.  The tin man began to grab me, but I threw some metal squares at it and ran away.  The tin man said "The lavas are in the car"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a leader of the dorm carefully shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly said "The glass squares are in the bag"  I saw a childlike dinosaur with pencils coming out of its tongue.  The tin man stated "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I saw a pleasant dog with cars sticking out of its eyes.  The dog began to grab me.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't concerned.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a bright statue with ices all over its tongue.  The statue went to a bed.  The dog sprinted to a church.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so enormous?"  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to melt.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the photo" for some reason.  I saw a futuristic director of the classroom with logs coming out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous statue with logs all over its tongue.  The statue began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The statue began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to crumble.  The statue said "That sucks"  I saw a towering person who looked just like me with metal squares all over its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the house.  The statue showed me several photos.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a manager of the dorm started shaking.  The manager of the dorm started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the beach.  The manager of the dorm started shrinking in height.  The manager of the dorm continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a man sprinted to a dining hall.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  The man began to shrink in height.  A cat showed up and walked to a island.  The man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is very huge"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and showed me several lavas.  The dog started to spit out lots of logs.  The dog began to stand on me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher quickly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something helpful.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A monster appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The monster started shaking.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur quickly melting.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  A cat came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The dorm suddenly whispered "The glass squares are in the ice"  The monster began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur began to punch me, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and gave me some dogs.  The tin man started growing much larger.  The tin man began to melt.  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a hideous statue with bags sticking out of its feet.  The tin man started melting.  The monster began to stand on me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The teacher sprinted to a classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge dinosaur with dogs coming out of its eyes.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dinosaur began to throw some pens at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with logs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the house.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The house suddenly gave me some spikes.  The house suddenly began to melt.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a statue started shrinking in height.  The basement of a island suddenly began to sing to me.  The island suddenly began to melt.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a classroom.  The statue showed me several bugs.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pale cat with pens coming out of its tongue.  The cat ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several glass squares.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a pleasant church, and I stated "This is extremely grotesque"  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the church.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the church, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with mice on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very grotesque" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a director of the classroom slowly crumbling.  The director of the classroom sprinted to a airport.  I saw a pale teacher with pens sticking out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the classroom.  The teacher began to punch me, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and stated "You must look inside"  The tin man began to melt.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the church.  The scarecrow shouted "The bumps are in the pen"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with fruit all over its back.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a hideous airport, and I stopped being concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the beach.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the beach, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and started shrinking in height.  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The monster began to throw some insects at me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The monster started melting, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some spikes.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  I don't know why, but I ran to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  A leader of the airport appeared and started melting.  The airport suddenly drove to a basement of a church.  The leader of the airport began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into the ground.  

A teacher showed up and began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The teacher began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I saw a towering monster with fruit all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I saw a futuristic leader of the dining hall with spikes all over its feet.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  The leader of the dining hall continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a blue church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the church.  A dinosaur showed up and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a green bed, and I felt slightly terrified.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher carefully shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The teacher began to throw some fires at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly started shaking.  I saw a large dinosaur with logs coming out of its face.  The dinosaur stated "That sucks"  The dinosaur shouted "Why are you so large?"  The dinosaur grew much larger into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the island.  The island suddenly whispered "The pens are in the cat"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A tin man appeared and started crumbling.  The tin man sprinted to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a island.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something terrible.  A dog showed up and began to smack me.  The airport suddenly showed me several ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny statue with snows all over its back.  The person who looked just like me whispered "The bumps are in the pencil"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with cars all over its toes.  The person who looked just like me gave me some metal triangles.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a tiny house, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the dog"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to shake.  The church suddenly drove to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue cat with pencils on its legs.  The cat said "That sucks"  The cat sprinted to a house.  The cat grew much larger into the ground.  

I was melting in a pale house, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I said "That sucks"  The house suddenly went to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the classroom.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the dining hall.  A monster appeared and started shrinking in height.  The monster began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous dog with fruit all over its face.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to kick me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat obscure"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the beach.  I saw a green cat with pencils sticking out of its back.  The dog began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue cat with dogs sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The cat began to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly showed me several spikes.  I saw a red person who looked just like me with lavas coming out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The cat began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of fires.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the house.  The man began to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the beach.  The beach suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with mice on its back.  The person who looked just like me showed me several pens.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the fire"  The person who looked just like me ran to a basement of a airport.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The dinosaur began to throw some glass triangles at me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The bed suddenly showed me several insects.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful tin man with dogs sticking out of its toes.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The tin man began to melt.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The tin man went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive dog with ices coming out of its feet.  The dog began to throw some bags at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the island.  A man appeared and stated "The dogs are in the spike"  The dog began to shake.  The man began to throw some logs at me, but I tried to get it to throw some fires at me.  The man began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The tin man ran to a dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The tin man began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat sprinted to a airport.  The cat began to slap me.  The cat gave me some mice.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a classroom.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The cat began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a large house, and I wasn't scared.  The house suddenly sprinted to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the house.  A monster showed up and showed me several bags.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and whispered "The phones are in the fire"  The cat began to stand on me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The cat shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and began to melt.  The man said "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shrink in height.  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The man began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous monster with fires all over its face.  The monster began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man began to grab me.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the bed.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a basement of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man showed me several fires, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a graceful beach, and I felt slightly content.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the beach.  I saw a huge dinosaur with snows on its mouth.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  The dinosaur began to throw some bumps at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a massive church, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the log"  The church suddenly went to a dining hall.  The church suddenly walked to a classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and whispered "The wooden triangles are in the bag"  The dog whispered "That sucks"  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a teacher started melting.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the house.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher shrunk in height into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with cats everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the airport.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster slowly crumbling.  The monster began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and ran to a island.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a red island, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?"  The island suddenly gave me some bumps.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a tin man quickly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the island.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a cat sprinted to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" for some reason.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  A dog showed up and began to crumble.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and started shaking.  The teacher began to grab me.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

A dog showed up and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and started melting.  The statue began to yell at me.  The statue began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the dorm.  The statue crumbled into the ground.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and showed me several ices.  The tin man began to throw some bumps at me, but I threw some bugs at it and ran away.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur quickly shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several dogs.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a teacher started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the beach.  The beach suddenly gave me some cars.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The beach suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A man showed up and whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The man began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster quickly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  I saw a obscure scarecrow with spikes on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  The man began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The monster crumbled into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a pleasant dining hall, and I began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to shoot me.  The dining hall suddenly stated "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "The mice are in the pencil"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the church.  The church suddenly began to crumble, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue started to spit out lots of bags.  The statue began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the dining hall.  A leader of the dining hall came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic statue with snows coming out of its tongue.  The statue began to shrink in height.  The statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly said "Why are you so futuristic?"  I saw a pale cat with logs on its mouth.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a manager of the house began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The manager of the house began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The manager of the house began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  The manager of the house continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a airport.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the classroom.  A monster came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly gave me some fruit.  The monster began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The monster shook into the ground.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur showed me several spikes.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the bed.  I don't know why, but I went to a church.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely massive"  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I threw some cats at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with spikes on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little pale" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I saw a graceful statue with photos coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the bed.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  The beach suddenly whispered "The fires are in the dog"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

A person who looked just like me appeared and drove to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me whispered "The wooden squares are in the insect"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat wildly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the airport.  A monster showed up and began to stand on me.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly went to a church.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a manager of the church gave me some bags.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the church.  The church suddenly drove to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stated "What's going on?"  The manager of the church began to stand on me.  The manager of the church began to smack me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur gave me some cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and ran to a beach.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the beach.  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a scarecrow slowly growing much larger.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to crumble.  The statue began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "This is a little grotesque"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and walked to a basement of a church.  The tin man sprinted to a house.  The church suddenly began to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the photo"  The tin man whispered "That sucks"  A monster came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the dorm.  The tin man crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a small dog with ices on its toes.  The dog started to spit out lots of phones.  The dog began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  The dog began to slap me.  I saw a bright statue with fruit on its feet.  The dog showed me several wooden squares.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the dorm.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a dog drove to a classroom.  The bed suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the bed.  A scarecrow showed up and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a small statue with logs all over its toes.  The statue began to crumble.  The statue began to melt.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a blue island, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and began to punch me.  The dog began to kick me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat green"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a basement of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the basement of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the basement of a basement of a bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue tin man with dogs sticking out of its arms.  The tin man began to throw some cats at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a enormous tin man with pens sticking out of its arms.  The tin man began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The tin man began to punch me.  The tin man sprinted to a dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful dog with fruit sticking out of its eyes.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dog stated "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with pens coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly began to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful man with mice coming out of its feet.  The man ran to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the dorm.  I don't know why, but I walked to a church.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The man shouted "Why are you so graceful?"  The man shook into thin air.  

My family and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange basement of a dorm on top of a basement of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me went to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bumps everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shake" for some reason.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  I saw a blue scarecrow with insects sticking out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the church.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The cats are in the pen"  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with photos everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the house.  I saw a small scarecrow with phones coming out of its feet.  The house suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a statue began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the house.  The house suddenly went to a basement of a island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I said "Hello?"  The statue stated "The photos are in the glass triangle"  The statue began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The spikes are in the ice"  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with wooden triangles on its eyes.  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The beach suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with pencils everywhere.  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the dorm.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a teacher slowly crumbling.  The teacher stated "Why are you so small?"  The teacher began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

A dinosaur appeared and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of fruit.  I saw a enormous dog with dogs coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

A dinosaur appeared and stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to throw some insects at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the dorm.  I saw a red dinosaur with snows on its feet.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  The dinosaur went to a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to slap me.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small dinosaur with logs all over its toes.  The dinosaur stated "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I went to a dorm.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the dorm.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive monster with fires on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The monster sprinted to a church.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the house.  I saw a bright cat with cats on its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the house.  The house suddenly stated "The insects are in the pen"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The metal triangles are in the fire"  

I saw a green dinosaur with wooden triangles on its legs.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The snows are in the bug"  

I was melting in a obscure bed, and I stated "I want to shrink in height"  The bed suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the dining hall.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The person who looked just like me stated "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man quickly shaking.  The island suddenly said "The snows are in the glass triangle"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The island suddenly showed me several pens, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man began to grow much larger.  The man began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with cars coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The statue began to shrink in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the basement of a basement of a dining hall.  A cat appeared and began to sing to me.  The cat drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering teacher with mice on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The teacher gave me some fruit.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt a little relaxed.  The church suddenly began to smack me.  A scarecrow appeared and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The teacher started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so towering?"  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike airport, and I wasn't concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the airport.  A statue came out of nowhere and showed me several bugs.  The statue began to stand on me.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue person who looked just like me with pencils sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of phones.  The scene changed to a house, with a scarecrow wildly shaking.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the house.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

A monster showed up and started crumbling.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog sprinted to a church.  The dog began to grab me.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to shake.  The dining hall suddenly began to stand on me.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  The dog shrunk in height into the ground.  

A man showed up and said "That sucks"  The man began to crumble.  The man began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque statue with fires all over its feet.  The statue said "Why are you so grotesque?"  The statue drove to a dorm.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster absent-mindedly crumbling.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  I saw a green cat with bugs all over its toes.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  The dorm suddenly gave me some snows.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with phones on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some pens at me.  The person who looked just like me drove to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The statue whispered "That sucks"  The statue began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt very anxious.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with pens all over its back.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Why are you so blue?"  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a tin man began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The bed suddenly started melting.  The tin man shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the bed.  I saw a small leader of the bed with pencils on its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me stated "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly said "Why are you so blue?"  I saw a grotesque dinosaur with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me gave me some logs.  The island suddenly gave me some phones.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a enormous tin man with logs coming out of its mouth.  The tin man began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The tin man began to yell at me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a airport.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red teacher with dogs coming out of its legs.  The teacher began to punch me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The teacher started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The teacher began to stand on me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow stated "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue quickly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and walked to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the dorm.  The monster began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a airport.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the basement of a dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man whispered "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  The tin man drove to a house.  A director of the dorm appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The director of the dorm continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with insects all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me gave me some bags.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  A leader of the island appeared and began to throw some bumps at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the island.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green teacher with glass squares on its legs.  The teacher began to punch me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The teacher melted into the ground.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The monster said "You must look inside"  The monster began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the house.  A teacher appeared and started growing much larger.  The teacher stated "Why are you so futuristic?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the house.  The teacher melted into thin air.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a pleasant airport, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly whispered "The pencils are in the fruit"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" for some reason.  I saw a small dog with ices on its tongue.  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and sprinted to a airport.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  The airport suddenly drove to a church.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red statue with bugs on its toes.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The statue began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely childlike"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  The statue began to crumble.  The statue started crumbling.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with bugs sticking out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur shouted "Why are you so childlike?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a house.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and started shaking.  The dog whispered "The ices are in the spike"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly ran to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The statue ran to a house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the beach.  The statue began to grab me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The cat started melting.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  The cat ran to a basement of a bed.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to throw some mice at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the bed.  The cat began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with mice all over its mouth.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The scarecrow walked to a beach.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow showed me several bugs.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  A dog appeared and sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the airport.  The scarecrow showed me several logs.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering dog with fruit sticking out of its back.  The dog began to grow much larger.  The dog went to a bed.  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a obscure dining hall, and I stated "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I saw a green dinosaur with wooden triangles all over its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the dining hall.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some fires at me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The dog began to shake.  The dog started shaking.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dorm.  The dog began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  A tin man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of fires.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the dorm.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dining hall.  The house suddenly went to a basement of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the dining hall.  A man came out of nowhere and ran to a airport.  The man began to throw some dogs at me.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue statue with cars sticking out of its mouth.  The statue began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The statue began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The statue melted into the ground.  

I saw a towering man with snows all over its face.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a director of the island wildly shaking.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The director of the island began to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

A scarecrow appeared and ran to a house.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a tin man carefully melting.  The basement of a bed suddenly went to a airport.  The airport suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The bumps are in the fire"  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with fruit everywhere.  The beach suddenly drove to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a dog whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the airport.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the dining hall.  The dog began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale dinosaur with glass squares sticking out of its back.  The dinosaur stated "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the house.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some cars at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the beach, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and said "The ices are in the fruit"  The teacher began to slap me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The teacher began to melt.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a classroom.  The teacher gave me some logs.  I saw a red monster with mice sticking out of its eyes.  The classroom suddenly drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the classroom.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a statue showed me several bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly walked to a island.  I saw a huge dog with metal squares all over its eyes.  The house suddenly began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a massive classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The classroom suddenly went to a airport.  I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with fires all over its toes.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a church.  The church suddenly gave me some bumps.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the airport.  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with mice on its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the church.  The person who looked just like me said "The metal triangles are in the lava"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

I was growing much larger in a green classroom, and I wasn't worried.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with snows all over its toes.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  A statue showed up and showed me several bugs.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue dinosaur with photos sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the bump" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the house.  A cat showed up and started to spit out lots of phones.  The house suddenly began to yell at me.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with mice coming out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The bed suddenly whispered "Why are you so graceful?"  A director of the bed appeared and started to spit out lots of logs.  The director of the bed gave me some ices.  The director of the bed began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely futuristic"  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with snows everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the house.  The house suddenly started melting.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scarecrow gave me some bumps.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

I saw a pleasant statue with cars all over its face.  The statue gave me some metal squares.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

I saw a tiny statue with mice on its toes.  The statue started melting.  The statue began to shoot me.  I don't know why, but I went to a island.  The statue began to throw some bags at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I saw a bright dog with pencils coming out of its arms.  The dog said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a cat said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the church.  The cat began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  A monster came out of nowhere and whispered "Why are you so enormous?"  The church suddenly gave me some wooden squares.  The monster started melting.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large cat with ices on its tongue.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me wildly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The cat said "Why are you so large?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with pens all over its eyes.  The scarecrow showed me several phones.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and went to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the bed.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the basement of a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and went to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me ran to a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful monster with pens all over its eyes.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and showed me several bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The dog started crumbling.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the church.  The church suddenly began to sing to me, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a house.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the dorm.  I saw a large teacher with bugs on its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the dining hall.  I saw a massive scarecrow with bumps on its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the house.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat started shaking.  The cat began to throw some snows at me, but I tried to get it to throw some dogs at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the dining hall.  I saw a red teacher with photos on its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly said "The wooden squares are in the bump"  The teacher shook into nothingness.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a man began to grab me.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The island suddenly began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  The man sprinted to a airport.  The man grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a cat began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the beach.  A statue appeared and gave me some phones.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I was shaking in a huge classroom, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the classroom.  I saw a tiny tin man with bumps all over its eyes.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The tin man began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green cat with metal squares coming out of its arms.  The cat said "Hey man, it happens"  The cat started melting.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a beach, with a statue slowly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the basement of a basement of a beach.  A person who looked just like me appeared and gave me some photos.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange basement of a beach on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had accomplished something wrong thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur carefully shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur said "You must look inside"  The dinosaur shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a towering teacher with mice coming out of its mouth.  The teacher started shaking.  The teacher began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a airport, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly gave me some metal triangles.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with bumps on its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the dining hall.  I saw a childlike cat with fires all over its tongue.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a church.  The church suddenly showed me several phones.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The teacher stated "Why are you so massive?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I saw a hideous monster with dogs sticking out of its toes.  The monster began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with insects sticking out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some wooden squares at me.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I threw some fires at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so towering?"  

I was melting in a futuristic beach, and I said "This is very tiny"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the beach.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the beach, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  The scarecrow shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow ran to a classroom, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and started growing much larger.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The photos are in the pencil"  

A dog appeared and went to a airport.  The airport suddenly ran to a house.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat carefully crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the airport.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The airport suddenly gave me some fruit.  The dog began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a green man with logs all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The man began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a island, and I felt slightly relaxed.  The man sprinted to a beach.  The basement of a island suddenly started melting.  The man began to grab me, but I slapped it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a bright bed, and I felt a little relaxed.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the bed.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  The bed suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with metal squares everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the beach.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant man with fruit all over its face.  The man began to shake.  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The man showed me several mice, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic tin man with dogs coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so futuristic?" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The scene changed to a church, with a manager of the church carefully crumbling.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  The manager of the church began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The insects are in the pen"  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a statue began to shake.  The statue began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the dorm.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale monster with cats on its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat green"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some pencils at me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The teacher began to smack me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a green church, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to melt.  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the beach.  The church suddenly shouted "The spikes are in the metal triangle", and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the beach.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque island, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The island suddenly began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a man began to shake.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The man began to punch me.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The man drove to a classroom.  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the dining hall.  The house suddenly began to shake.  I saw a enormous man with photos coming out of its back.  The man whispered "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and walked to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  A teacher appeared and went to a beach.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The monster began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green monster with bugs all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The monster melted into nothingness.  

A dog appeared and began to jump over me.  The dog began to grab me, but I yelled at it "This is a little obscure"  The dog began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The dog shook into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster started to spit out lots of bags.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  A dinosaur appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the dining hall.  The monster began to kick me, but I screamed at it "This is a little hideous"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  The dorm suddenly showed me several cars.  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me wildly melting.  The island suddenly began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale cat with bumps all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The cat began to throw some fires at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The cat began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The teacher showed me several fires.  The teacher gave me some pens.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt very anxious.  The island suddenly walked to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the church.  The teacher melted into the ground.  

I saw a pale teacher with cats on its mouth.  The teacher began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The teacher began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a dorm.  The teacher stated "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher whispered "You must look inside"  The teacher began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and began to melt.  The man started to spit out lots of bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the church.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure teacher with spikes on its tongue.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The teacher began to throw some photos at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  I don't know why, but I walked to a island.  The island suddenly began to throw some cats at me.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dog showed me several phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "Hello?"  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I saw a obscure teacher with fires all over its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the beach.  The teacher sprinted to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a massive basement of a house, and I wasn't worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the ice" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly began to shake.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  The house suddenly began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a enormous island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the island.  A dog came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?" thinking this would help.  The dog ran to a house.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the log" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a monster carefully crumbling.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with pens everywhere.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I saw a massive tin man with mice coming out of its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the bed.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The tin man shook into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with phones everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shake" for some reason.  The scene changed to a house, with a cat absent-mindedly shaking.  The cat started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the house.  The cat crumbled into nothingness.  

A cat appeared and gave me some ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  The cat gave me some bumps.  The cat started to spit out lots of bugs, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and started crumbling.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The statue shouted "The cars are in the bug"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a small airport, and I said "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the airport.  I saw a grotesque leader of the airport with lavas sticking out of its eyes.  The leader of the airport whispered "That sucks"  The airport suddenly gave me some fires.  The leader of the airport shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a pale cat with mice coming out of its feet.  The cat showed me several ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to grow much larger.  The cat started shaking.  A statue showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  The statue began to smack me, and I smiled.  

I saw a green statue with bugs sticking out of its feet.  The statue began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely pale"  The statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass squares are in the insect" for some reason.  The statue started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher drove to a airport.  The teacher began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the classroom.  The scene changed to a house, with a monster absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the classroom.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a massive teacher with bugs all over its arms.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright monster with snows sticking out of its legs.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster ran to a bed.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shaking.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The monster whispered "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a obscure bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  I saw a childlike statue with pens coming out of its feet.  The statue ran to a beach.  The statue began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The statue grew much larger into nothingness.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher showed me several mice.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the classroom.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  I saw a graceful monster with photos sticking out of its tongue.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so green?"  

A dinosaur showed up and drove to a basement of a classroom.  The dinosaur started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a basement of a church.  The dinosaur began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the beach.  I saw a enormous scarecrow with fires sticking out of its arms.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of lavas.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the beach.  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and said "The metal squares are in the fruit"  The teacher began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The teacher began to grab me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue quickly shaking.  The statue began to crumble.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The cat began to smack me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The cat crumbled into the ground.  

I was crumbling in a blue basement of a airport, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly whispered "Why are you so grotesque?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the island, and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The teacher began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a scarecrow slowly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The cats are in the photo"  

A cat showed up and began to crumble.  The cat began to throw some cars at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive statue with glass squares all over its legs.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some pencils at me.  The statue began to punch me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque man with spikes all over its back.  The man began to punch me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The man began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The bags are in the insect"  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat started to spit out lots of spikes.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a island.  The cat drove to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being worried.  The cat stated "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  The island suddenly ran to a classroom.  A director of the island came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The director of the island began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely huge" for some reason.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  A statue appeared and whispered "The bags are in the fruit"  The dorm suddenly began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I went to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the bed.  I saw a green man with snows all over its face.  The teacher whispered "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The man began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with mice all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little enormous" for some reason.  The airport suddenly showed me several photos.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a obscure statue with wooden triangles coming out of its back.  The statue began to yell at me.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a person who looked just like me slowly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly showed me several metal triangles.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the basement of a dining hall.  The scarecrow shook into thin air.  

A tin man appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man gave me some bags.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I wasn't happy about it.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The tin man crumbled into thin air.  

A dog showed up and sprinted to a airport.  The dog began to grow much larger.  The airport suddenly began to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dining hall.  The dog showed me several bumps.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  I saw a graceful statue with glass squares sticking out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the dining hall.  The statue began to throw some lavas at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so graceful?"  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly went to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the airport.  I saw a blue scarecrow with fires on its arms.  The scarecrow began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and showed me several fires.  The dog walked to a house.  The dog began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The cats are in the cat"  

I saw a massive statue with snows all over its tongue.  The statue started melting.  The statue began to grab me.  The statue began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque beach, and I shouted "This is a little futuristic"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the beach.  A statue appeared and started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the beach.  The statue ran to a classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a cat began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The cat showed me several ices.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The cat began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a leader of the airport started shaking.  The leader of the airport said "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the airport.  A man showed up and began to shrink in height.  The leader of the airport started crumbling.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a hideous airport, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the airport.  The airport suddenly drove to a house.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow quickly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the house.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant basement of a airport, and I shouted "I want to crumble"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the basement of a airport.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a tiny dorm, and I felt strangely nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some pencils.  A statue appeared and started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The cat began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

A monster came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The monster gave me some pens.  The monster began to throw some cars at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  I don't know why, but I ran to a bed.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The monster began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur showed up and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog absent-mindedly melting.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and showed me several ices.  The monster began to jump over me.  The monster began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and shouted "The wooden triangles are in the phone"  The dog drove to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some bags.  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shaking.  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  The basement of a bed suddenly went to a classroom.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with lavas sticking out of its face.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something terrible.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is a little pale"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green dog with fruit coming out of its toes.  The dog began to slap me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat futuristic"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher went to a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the basement of a airport.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  The teacher sprinted to a dorm.  The bed suddenly showed me several spikes.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large dog with phones coming out of its back.  The dog began to throw some spikes at me.  The dog began to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I said "Who are you?"  The dog gave me some glass squares.  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with bumps on its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the church.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me shook into nothingness.  

A monster appeared and began to punch me.  The monster started crumbling.  The monster started shaking.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a scarecrow carefully shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dining hall.  A person who looked just like me showed up and went to a church.  The church suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dorm.  The airport suddenly went to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the house.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a teacher stated "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to smack me.  I saw a obscure monster with phones sticking out of its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The monster shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a classroom when all of a sudden a dog drove to a airport.  The dog began to kick me, but I threw some bugs at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the airport.  I saw a pale man with fires on its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the basement of a classroom.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog shook into thin air.  

I saw a enormous statue with phones on its arms.  The statue began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The statue began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous tin man with spikes sticking out of its feet.  The tin man began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The tin man began to slap me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

A dinosaur appeared and went to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the church.  The dinosaur started melting.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  A dog showed up and walked to a beach.  The dog began to grab me.  The dog started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a hideous monster with lavas on its face.  The monster began to yell at me, but I threw some spikes at it and ran away.  The monster started crumbling.  The scene changed to a house, with a leader of the house quickly shrinking in height.  The leader of the house gave me some pens.  The house suddenly walked to a basement of a beach.  The monster began to grab me, but I shouted at it "This is very grotesque", and I smiled.  

I saw a towering tin man with dogs on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The tin man began to throw some cars at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering dog with bumps all over its back.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a cat absent-mindedly crumbling.  The island suddenly gave me some photos.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started melting.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster began to grab me.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the dorm.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue quickly melting.  The dorm suddenly stated "The glass triangles are in the lava"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the dorm.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a obscure basement of a beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the basement of a beach.  The basement of a beach suddenly began to shake.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the basement of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous tin man with ices sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little towering" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely huge" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?"  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The tin man shouted "The pens are in the log"  The tin man melted into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a dog started crumbling.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  The dog showed me several spikes.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur quickly shaking.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The bed suddenly walked to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster ran to a basement of a beach.  The beach suddenly walked to a basement of a classroom.  The basement of a beach suddenly drove to a airport.  I saw a large man with glass squares on its eyes.  The monster said "Why are you so large?"  The man said "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The mice are in the glass triangle"  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic dining hall, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a green basement of a dorm, and I began to shake.  The dorm suddenly ran to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the basement of a dorm.  The bed suddenly began to grab me, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and drove to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the bed.  I saw a enormous leader of the church with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The leader of the church began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic scarecrow with bugs on its face.  The scarecrow began to throw some fires at me.  The scarecrow sprinted to a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale monster with ices coming out of its legs.  The monster began to throw some spikes at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a basement of a airport.  The monster gave me some fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the log" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with bags everywhere.  The bed suddenly went to a dining hall.  The bed suddenly whispered "The glass triangles are in the car"  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and walked to a house.  The monster began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  The monster began to throw some cats at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me slowly melting.  The monster began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me said "That sucks"  The monster started to spit out lots of fires, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The man began to crumble.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and started to spit out lots of bumps.  The teacher began to smack me.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The teacher began to shake.  I saw a massive man with cats sticking out of its legs.  The man began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a classroom when all of a sudden a cat began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the basement of a classroom.  I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with fires sticking out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the basement of a classroom.  The person who looked just like me gave me some lavas.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a manager of the bed began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  The manager of the bed walked to a classroom.  The manager of the bed started melting.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the bed saying "Why are you so huge?"  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with dogs everywhere.  The bed suddenly began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I saw a green man with glass squares sticking out of its face.  The man said "Why are you so green?"  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous cat with logs all over its back.  The cat began to crumble.  The cat started to spit out lots of spikes.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a dog began to shrink in height.  The beach suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to melt.  The dorm suddenly gave me some bags.  The dog ran to a dining hall.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a teacher started shaking.  The church suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the church.  A monster came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The monster began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the church.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The statue began to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the classroom.  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright dog with phones coming out of its eyes.  The dog began to grab me.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and drove to a house.  The house suddenly gave me some spikes.  The cat began to smack me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a beach, with a dinosaur carefully shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the beach.  I saw a obscure dog with dogs all over its feet.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to slap me.  The dinosaur showed me several pens, and I smiled.  

I saw a large cat with spikes all over its face.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat began to jump over me, but I threw some phones at it and ran away.  The cat shook into thin air.  

A scarecrow showed up and walked to a basement of a beach.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque man with bags sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  The man started crumbling.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  The man went to a basement of a dining hall.  The man began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with insects everywhere.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with phones coming out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale monster with bumps coming out of its mouth.  The monster began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat enormous"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The beach suddenly gave me some mice.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and began to grow much larger.  The dog started shaking.  The dog began to yell at me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the church.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a cat said "You must look inside"  The cat started crumbling.  The cat began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a island.  The cat whispered "That sucks"  The cat gave me some wooden squares.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with cats everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the island.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  The island suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The island suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the island, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The cat ran to a classroom.  The cat said "That sucks"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man quickly crumbling.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  The tin man began to yell at me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a hideous classroom, and I stated "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the classroom.  I saw a graceful statue with bumps on its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the classroom.  The statue began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The statue began to throw some spikes at me, but I yelled at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful teacher with spikes all over its back.  The teacher showed me several cats.  The teacher began to crumble.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a airport.  The teacher gave me some bumps.  I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with logs all over its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the airport.  The airport suddenly ran to a dorm.  The teacher melted into the ground.  

I was melting in a enormous church, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  The church suddenly began to melt.  A statue showed up and sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The statue started shrinking in height.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a dog wildly shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly showed me several lavas.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the beach.  The dog shrunk in height into thin air.  

I was melting in a futuristic beach, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  I saw a pleasant teacher with metal squares sticking out of its eyes.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The teacher gave me some glass triangles.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little childlike" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog walked to a church.  The dog showed me several dogs.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the dining hall.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the airport.  The teacher started growing much larger.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur shouted "Why are you so small?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the airport.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man absent-mindedly shaking.  The tin man began to throw some dogs at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to kick me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat red", and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with bags everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly said "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a house, with a director of the house quickly growing much larger.  The house suddenly whispered "The bumps are in the dog"  The director of the house began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the director of the house saying "That sucks"  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a dog began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  The dog shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a enormous man with insects coming out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The man stated "Why are you so grotesque?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the house.  The house suddenly began to jump over me, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering man with cars all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with cats all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The person who looked just like me went to a airport.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue carefully crumbling.  The statue stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The glass triangles are in the metal square"  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with bugs sticking out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  The church suddenly shouted "The fruit are in the log"  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the church, and I smiled.  

I saw a green dog with cats sticking out of its legs.  The dog said "The wooden squares are in the insect"  The dog began to yell at me.  The scene changed to a island, with a man carefully shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the island.  I saw a hideous dinosaur with dogs coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the mouse" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with phones on its arms.  The dinosaur gave me some logs.  The dinosaur drove to a bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  The dinosaur began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering statue with logs sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the cat" for some reason.  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher slowly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the airport.  The airport suddenly said "Why are you so towering?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful statue with metal squares coming out of its mouth.  The statue started crumbling.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a man absent-mindedly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  The statue began to kick me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with wooden squares everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly walked to a bed.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a basement of a basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the insect" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some mice.  The person who looked just like me ran to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the bed.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster slowly melting.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  A tin man showed up and started shaking.  The church suddenly began to kick me.  The church suddenly went to a airport.  The monster shrunk in height into thin air.  

A dinosaur showed up and started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to throw some bugs at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The cat started to spit out lots of glass squares.  The cat began to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The cat stated "The pencils are in the phone"  A scarecrow appeared and began to kick me.  The scarecrow said "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the airport.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several cars.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some snows at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bugs at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me drove to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a towering island, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the island.  The island suddenly gave me some cars.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with pens coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The fires are in the insect"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and gave me some phones.  The dinosaur shouted "Why are you so hideous?"  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dinosaur went to a dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with pencils coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a statue wildly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the island.  The teacher began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and drove to a house.  The cat began to melt.  The cat began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stated "Hello?"  The cat began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a huge teacher with mice coming out of its arms.  The teacher said "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher went to a classroom.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the airport.  The statue began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a blue basement of a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a airport, with a scarecrow quickly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious for some reason.  The airport suddenly drove to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and said "The dogs are in the snow"  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a teacher began to throw some bugs at me.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I saw a huge monster with fruit coming out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The monster began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a futuristic house, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so futuristic?" thinking this would help.  I saw a hideous cat with logs all over its tongue.  The cat went to a bed.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely red"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a pleasant monster with spikes on its back.  The monster gave me some cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I saw a massive dog with pencils sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dog began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dog began to kick me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I saw a graceful monster with mice on its arms.  The monster began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The statue started growing much larger.  The statue began to smack me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the house.  The house suddenly ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful dining hall, and I wasn't worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale dinosaur with logs coming out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a small man with mice sticking out of its back.  The man began to smack me.  The man began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt slightly terrified.  The man sprinted to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a house.  The bed suddenly gave me some mice.  The bed suddenly ran to a church.  The scene changed to a island, with a man wildly melting.  The man began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the island.  The man shook into nothingness.  

A scarecrow showed up and showed me several mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  The church suddenly said "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike tin man with bumps all over its tongue.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man said "That sucks"  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue tin man with cars all over its eyes.  The tin man began to throw some insects at me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious for some reason.  The tin man walked to a church, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the airport.  The man started to spit out lots of pens.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and gave me some pencils.  The teacher started shaking.  The teacher began to throw some cars at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The teacher grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a pleasant statue with mice sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The statue whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow quickly crumbling.  The statue began to smack me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and began to punch me.  The statue started crumbling.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the house.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur wildly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with phones coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I ran to a basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the basement of a dorm.  The person who looked just like me whispered "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a basement of a beach when all of a sudden a man began to crumble.  The manager of the dorm began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The basement of a beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The bed suddenly ran to a house.  I saw a huge monster with bumps on its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the house.  The monster showed me several phones.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was growing much larger in a graceful airport, and I heard a voice say "The cars are in the car"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  A cat came out of nowhere and walked to a basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the basement of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher gave me some logs.  The teacher gave me some phones.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the bed.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dining hall.  The teacher stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The island suddenly said "That sucks"  I saw a futuristic teacher with dogs all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so futuristic?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small monster with snows on its back.  The monster began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The monster gave me some logs.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a teacher wildly growing much larger.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The cats are in the fruit"  

A man appeared and started to spit out lots of bags.  The man began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The man began to jump over me, and I smiled.  

I saw a green statue with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  The statue showed me several mice.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher quickly melting.  The beach suddenly gave me some snows.  The teacher began to grab me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a huge airport, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the airport.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't scared.  The beach suddenly walked to a basement of a house.  The house suddenly whispered "Why are you so huge?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with insects on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt a little furious.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  A monster showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  The monster began to smack me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a monster began to throw some dogs at me.  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  The monster began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I saw a childlike teacher with spikes coming out of its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the beach.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a airport.  The house suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the house.  I saw a futuristic dog with mice sticking out of its legs.  The dog whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  The tin man ran to a house.  The tin man started to spit out lots of snows.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and went to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The monster walked to a basement of a island.  The monster shrunk in height into thin air.  

I was shaking in a large dining hall, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the dining hall.  A dinosaur showed up and whispered "The bags are in the phone"  The dinosaur sprinted to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and shouted "You must look inside"  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being concerned.  The monster began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with mice everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a red basement of a church, and I wasn't concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the basement of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  I saw a blue dinosaur with fires on its tongue.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to throw some wooden triangles at me.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the airport.  The airport suddenly said "Why are you so green?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green monster with ices on its feet.  The monster said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the bed.  A person who looked just like me appeared and whispered "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  The monster stated "The metal triangles are in the wooden triangle"  The person who looked just like me melted into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the bed.  A scarecrow appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow sprinted to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the airport.  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with phones coming out of its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me gave me some mice.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and began to grow much larger.  The man began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The man began to shrink in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The house suddenly went to a island.  The man melted into nothingness.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and gave me some pencils.  The teacher began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The teacher began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic monster with snows on its feet.  The monster began to shoot me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  The monster started to spit out lots of spikes.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I whispered "I want to shake"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a huge statue with fires all over its arms.  The monster gave me some dogs.  The monster whispered "The bumps are in the lava"  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a massive airport, and I stated "This is somewhat bright"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  A teacher appeared and sprinted to a dorm.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a director of the classroom gave me some lavas.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the director of the classroom saying "That sucks"  

I saw a enormous teacher with lavas on its tongue.  The teacher began to punch me.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a scarecrow carefully shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the dining hall.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a pale dorm, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt slightly angry.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive dorm, and I stopped being afraid.  The dorm suddenly said "The snows are in the lava"  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the basement of a island.  The island suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with bumps all over its mouth.  The dinosaur started melting.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a beach, with a monster slowly crumbling.  The monster started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so grotesque?"  

I was growing much larger in a small dorm, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and started shaking.  The tin man started melting.  The tin man began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I was melting in a childlike classroom, and I stopped being worried.  The classroom suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the classroom.  I saw a green statue with spikes sticking out of its legs.  The statue started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The metal triangles are in the bug"  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man showed me several mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The tin man went to a house.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue slowly shaking.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The tin man whispered "The cats are in the log"  The classroom suddenly shouted "The ices are in the pen", and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and shouted "The fires are in the ice"  The cat began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The cat began to punch me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so red?"  

I saw a enormous tin man with glass triangles sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the snow" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt a little like I had done something terrible.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something wrong.  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with dogs sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with snows everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little graceful" for some reason.  A cat showed up and showed me several pens.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the airport.  The cat drove to a dorm.  The cat crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a green man with logs all over its tongue.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me slowly shaking.  The man gave me some dogs.  A manager of the airport appeared and began to grow much larger.  The airport suddenly walked to a island.  The man began to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the airport saying "Why are you so green?"  

My friends and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange bed with pens everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to jump over me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a director of the dorm wildly shrinking in height.  The director of the dorm began to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the dorm.  The director of the dorm continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster showed up and started growing much larger.  The monster stated "You must look inside"  The monster began to stand on me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with mice on its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat blue"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and began to slap me.  The tin man gave me some lavas.  The tin man began to sing to me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small dog with spikes on its tongue.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dog walked to a house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the house.  A tin man showed up and ran to a basement of a classroom.  The dog showed me several snows.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the airport.  The tin man crumbled into nothingness.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the house.  The house suddenly sprinted to a church.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

I saw a futuristic teacher with pens on its eyes.  The teacher started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the bed.  A man came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

A cat appeared and gave me some bags.  The cat started to spit out lots of cars.  The cat began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The cat ran to a dorm.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure cat with metal squares all over its tongue.  The cat began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  The cat began to grow much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly stated "Why are you so obscure?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure scarecrow with bags coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher carefully crumbling.  The island suddenly began to sing to me.  A man showed up and began to crumble.  The man stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive tin man with cats on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a huge basement of a airport, and I heard a voice say "The pens are in the dog"  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I saw a hideous statue with bags sticking out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the basement of a airport.  The airport suddenly drove to a island.  The statue shook into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a man began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the church.  The man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dining hall.  The church suddenly said "Why are you so bright?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't concerned.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  A cat came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The dinosaur ran to a dorm.  The dinosaur showed me several lavas.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and gave me some pencils.  The dinosaur drove to a bed.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely blue"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog slowly shrinking in height.  The dinosaur shouted "You must look inside"  A man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the bed.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several pens.  The man began to throw some metal squares at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny monster with mice all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The monster showed me several wooden squares.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a airport.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  The airport suddenly began to throw some mice at me.  I saw a blue monster with phones on its tongue.  The monster began to stand on me.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive cat with photos all over its legs.  The cat began to crumble.  The cat began to kick me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being afraid.  The cat started to spit out lots of fires.  A man came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The cat showed me several lavas.  The man began to slap me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely graceful", and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a statue began to take a photo of me.  The statue began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the island.  The statue began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and started growing much larger.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is a little graceful"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  A leader of the airport showed up and began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with mice on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something helpful.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow slowly shaking.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I saw a grotesque dog with snows on its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the classroom.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the dining hall.  A director of the airport appeared and stated "The insects are in the cat"  The director of the airport drove to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the bed.  I saw a red cat with photos on its face.  The cat began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The cat gave me some pens.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a bright airport, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the airport.  A dinosaur appeared and showed me several bumps.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the wooden square" for some reason.  The dinosaur grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a monster said "That sucks"  The airport suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the airport.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The monster walked to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange basement of a classroom on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the basement of a classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry thinking this would help.  The island suddenly began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly drove to a airport.  A teacher came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The airport suddenly stated "The bumps are in the insect"  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious for some reason.  The scarecrow shouted "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  A dinosaur showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a statue began to shake.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  The house suddenly showed me several photos.  I saw a hideous cat with bags all over its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the house.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The cat shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with bags on its arms.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a tin man started growing much larger.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The tin man started shaking.  I saw a grotesque monster with metal triangles on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The house suddenly stated "The lavas are in the lava"  The tin man shook into the ground.  

A man came out of nowhere and drove to a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic statue with bugs sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the insect" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The statue began to crumble, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange church on top of a dorm.  The church suddenly gave me some wooden triangles.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the classroom.  I don't know why, but I went to a basement of a airport.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is a little huge"  The classroom suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with lavas on its face.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the dorm.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue man with dogs coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous for some reason.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man crumbled into nothingness.  

A statue appeared and showed me several fruit.  The statue started crumbling.  The statue began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something terrible.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so red?"  

I saw a tiny tin man with lavas all over its eyes.  The tin man started to spit out lots of fires.  The tin man started melting.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow slowly shrinking in height.  The tin man began to melt.  I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with glass squares on its mouth.  The beach suddenly drove to a house.  The scarecrow stated "Why are you so massive?"  The scarecrow started crumbling, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and went to a island.  The island suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the dining hall.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a church.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and showed me several wooden triangles.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur shouted "The cats are in the snow"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and began to crumble.  The statue started shaking.  The statue stated "Hey man, it happens"  The statue shook into thin air.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and drove to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the dining hall.  The scarecrow began to throw some cats at me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat blue"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't scared.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The church suddenly went to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with pens everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly started melting.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the beach.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red statue with snows sticking out of its arms.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The statue began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster began to crumble.  The monster began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The monster began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  I saw a hideous tin man with photos on its back.  The monster began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The tin man began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I saw a blue tin man with fruit coming out of its legs.  The tin man began to throw some ices at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque dog with dogs sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I saw a hideous tin man with cars all over its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the house.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  The bed suddenly showed me several bags.  The bed suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with photos sticking out of its feet.  The teacher began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The teacher sprinted to a house.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The teacher started to spit out lots of bumps.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to throw some mice at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to crumble.  The statue ran to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The bugs are in the fruit"  

A cat came out of nowhere and showed me several snows.  The cat started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The cat started to spit out lots of lavas.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The cat began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale dog with pencils sticking out of its legs.  The dog gave me some phones.  The dog began to smack me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dog stated "The metal squares are in the insect"  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and sprinted to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a teacher started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur slowly shaking.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur melted into nothingness.  

I saw a green dog with cars sticking out of its face.  The dog began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the dorm.  A dinosaur showed up and said "The bumps are in the log"  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dorm suddenly said "You must look inside"  The dog melted into thin air.  

I was growing much larger in a small bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I whispered "I want to crumble"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the classroom.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with spikes sticking out of its face.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I said "Who are you?"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A tin man showed up and started shaking.  The tin man began to throw some glass triangles at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the spike" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I yelled at it "This is a little small"  The person who looked just like me drove to a dorm.  I don't know why, but I went to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me gave me some cats.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into the ground.  

I was shaking in a pale island, and I wasn't worried.  The island suddenly showed me several pencils.  The island suddenly started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a church, and I stopped being afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The basement of a church suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the basement of a church, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several cars.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  A cat showed up and started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur wildly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a huge beach, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly said "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The beach suddenly walked to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cats are in the fruit" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and ran to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge dog with mice sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry for some reason.  The dog walked to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The man started melting.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a bed.  The bed suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I saw a grotesque dinosaur with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small teacher with photos on its tongue.  The teacher began to grab me, but I threw some bumps at it and ran away.  The teacher said "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The scarecrow started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A tin man showed up and said "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the bed.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with pencils everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't worried.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a blue dorm, and I shouted "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The church suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge cat with glass triangles sticking out of its legs.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The cat began to stand on me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the dining hall.  The cat whispered "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I saw a pale teacher with ices sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the dorm.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so huge?" for some reason.  A monster came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of phones.  The man began to grow much larger.  The man walked to a house.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and drove to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The classroom suddenly began to kick me.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a person who looked just like me wildly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  A teacher appeared and ran to a basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the basement of a house.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The house suddenly began to shoot me, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The statue started to spit out lots of insects.  The statue began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat drove to a airport.  The cat started to spit out lots of ices.  The cat began to slap me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I saw a green tin man with snows sticking out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some logs at me.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a island.  The island suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The house suddenly ran to a dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge tin man with dogs all over its arms.  The tin man shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so huge?" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the dining hall.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man started melting.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The tin man began to shake.  I saw a green scarecrow with bugs sticking out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the classroom.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with fires all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

A monster appeared and began to crumble.  The monster began to throw some cars at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The monster showed me several mice.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I saw a futuristic statue with pens coming out of its back.  The house suddenly said "The fruit are in the pen"  The monster began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red man with bumps coming out of its back.  The man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  The man started shrinking in height.  I saw a grotesque teacher with metal squares coming out of its legs.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the airport.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the bed.  The house suddenly walked to a dorm.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very large" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the airport.  A statue appeared and began to crumble.  The statue ran to a island.  The statue shouted "Why are you so graceful?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the island, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow gave me some cars.  The island suddenly went to a basement of a basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly walked to a dining hall.  A leader of the basement of a classroom came out of nowhere and ran to a bed.  The leader of the basement of a classroom gave me some dogs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the bed.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster started melting.  The monster began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I saw a small person who looked just like me with lavas sticking out of its mouth.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a house.  The house suddenly began to kick me.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a blue teacher with bugs coming out of its legs.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the dorm.  The teacher melted into thin air.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a cat showed me several insects.  The beach suddenly showed me several mice.  The beach suddenly drove to a church.  I saw a bright tin man with bumps on its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the church.  The tin man began to throw some ices at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so massive?"  

A person who looked just like me appeared and shouted "The fruit are in the metal square"  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is a little large"  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The teacher began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The monster began to shake.  The monster began to throw some snows at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious for some reason.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and shouted "Why are you so graceful?"  The house suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  The monster began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dog began to melt.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  A cat showed up and started shrinking in height.  The cat began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny tin man with fruit sticking out of its legs.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to grab me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man wildly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the dining hall.  The man began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

A dog showed up and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The dog started crumbling.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a island, and I said "That sucks"  The dog started shrinking in height.  The dog began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the basement of a island, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  A scarecrow appeared and began to stand on me.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started melting.  The cat ran to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the church.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque statue with wooden squares all over its back.  The statue started shaking.  The statue began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

A tin man showed up and showed me several phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The tin man showed me several insects.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

A monster showed up and began to sing to me.  The monster whispered "You must look inside"  The monster began to punch me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and stated "The lavas are in the photo"  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bags.  The statue began to melt.  The statue showed me several dogs.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and began to melt.  The cat began to stand on me.  The cat started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some photos at me.  A leader of the classroom came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of lavas.  The leader of the classroom showed me several snows.  The leader of the classroom began to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and sprinted to a beach.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The tin man began to stand on me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly melting.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a hideous tin man with snows on its arms.  The tin man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The tin man started to spit out lots of pens.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a island.  The island suddenly gave me some wooden triangles.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the basement of a island.  A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some spikes.  The airport suddenly gave me some fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with mice coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue monster with photos coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The dinosaur shouted "Why are you so huge?"  The dinosaur began to throw some dogs at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man slowly shaking.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The tin man sprinted to a bed.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a enormous classroom, and I stopped being happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the classroom.  I saw a obscure man with bugs sticking out of its legs.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so blue?"  

A dog appeared and gave me some bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The dog began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dog stated "The cats are in the bug"  I saw a hideous teacher with fires coming out of its face.  The teacher began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure airport, and I stopped being afraid.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster wildly growing much larger.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  The monster started melting.  The monster shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A statue showed up and started melting.  The statue started to spit out lots of spikes.  The statue began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt a little relaxed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the airport.  I saw a obscure tin man with insects on its eyes.  The statue began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The tin man drove to a island, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant statue with pens all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The statue began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a director of the classroom absent-mindedly shaking.  The director of the classroom began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The director of the classroom started melting.  The last thing I remember is the director of the classroom saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with metal triangles coming out of its back.  The person who looked just like me ran to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic tin man with cats on its toes.  The tin man started to spit out lots of metal squares.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The tin man began to throw some bugs at me, but I tried to get it to kick me, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and began to stand on me.  The dog drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the church.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with ices all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  A man appeared and started crumbling.  The beach suddenly gave me some bugs.  The man began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started melting.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the island.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the island.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a island.  The beach suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The beach suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man absent-mindedly shaking.  The tin man began to smack me.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with pencils on its back.  The person who looked just like me ran to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the classroom.  A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of bumps.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the airport.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with logs coming out of its face.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and started shaking.  The cat began to shoot me.  The cat gave me some cats.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with insects everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a island, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny cat with photos all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue wildly melting.  The statue started to spit out lots of phones.  The statue began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a director of the airport began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The director of the airport began to melt.  A leader of the airport came out of nowhere and showed me several phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The leader of the airport started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and started to spit out lots of pens.  The cat began to shake.  The cat began to punch me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and showed me several bags.  The cat began to crumble.  The cat shouted "That sucks"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  A dog appeared and began to shrink in height.  The cat walked to a house.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The cat melted into nothingness.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the airport.  A man showed up and started growing much larger.  The man walked to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a airport.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the airport.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with lavas everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  A cat came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The man started shrinking in height.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  I saw a tiny teacher with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  The classroom suddenly whispered "The snows are in the dog"  The teacher went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright cat with bugs all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The cat began to throw some bumps at me, but I threw some ices at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?" for some reason.  I saw a large person who looked just like me with cats sticking out of its back.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The island suddenly began to sing to me.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a pleasant monster with lavas on its back.  The monster began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly shouted "Why are you so pleasant?"  The beach suddenly gave me some glass squares.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shrinking in height in a futuristic classroom, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the classroom.  I saw a massive man with cats all over its arms.  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the classroom.  The man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with insects everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the house.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a man absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The man began to throw some phones at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to smack me.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  I don't know why, but I went to a dorm.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly drove to a house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous cat with dogs on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The cat began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The cat began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  A statue appeared and began to melt.  The church suddenly gave me some ices.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the church.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a hideous bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly gave me some lavas.  The bed suddenly gave me some glass squares.  A manager of the bed came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  The manager of the bed started growing much larger.  The manager of the bed began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small tin man with logs sticking out of its eyes.  The tin man started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a towering statue with bags all over its face.  The statue ran to a dorm.  The statue walked to a basement of a basement of a classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The statue began to melt.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The tin man sprinted to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the bug" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green outside the dorm.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dog appeared and began to slap me.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dog gave me some phones.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with lavas coming out of its mouth.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dog began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the island, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with wooden squares everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large tin man with bumps all over its feet.  The tin man gave me some spikes.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I threw some dogs at it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  A leader of the dining hall came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The leader of the dining hall began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the dining hall saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  The scarecrow gave me some photos.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright tin man with photos on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the bag" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to smack me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to shake.  I saw a enormous tin man with snows all over its feet.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is somewhat obscure" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue statue with lavas sticking out of its mouth.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The statue began to kick me.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny man with mice sticking out of its face.  The man said "Why are you so tiny?"  The man began to melt.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and showed me several pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the beach.  A dinosaur showed up and went to a basement of a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The airport suddenly stated "The ices are in the phone", and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to jump over me.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some fires at me.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  I saw a green teacher with photos all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and began to smack me.  The teacher began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster quickly shaking.  The teacher went to a dorm.  I saw a childlike dinosaur with lavas all over its legs.  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  The dinosaur grew much larger into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the church.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The cars are in the bug"  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly walked to a island.  A dinosaur showed up and stated "You must look inside"  The dinosaur whispered "Why are you so hideous?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with photos sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with bags coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of bumps.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a bed, and I stopped being concerned.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the basement of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the bed, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The monster started to spit out lots of ices.  The monster began to yell at me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a beach.  The monster said "You must look inside"  The monster began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The dog started to spit out lots of dogs.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the bed.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic dog with pens on its feet.  The dog began to melt.  The dog began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several cats.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being worried.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I saw a hideous dinosaur with logs sticking out of its face.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The fires are in the bug"  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with dogs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little obscure" thinking this would help.  The island suddenly gave me some snows.  I saw a large dinosaur with pencils coming out of its legs.  The island suddenly began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and began to stand on me.  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  The teacher drove to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of metal squares.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a monster sprinted to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the dorm.  The monster began to grow much larger.  A cat showed up and showed me several metal triangles.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the dorm.  The beach suddenly said "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the dining hall.  A teacher appeared and went to a basement of a house.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a tin man started shaking.  The church suddenly went to a house.  The tin man started melting.  I don't know why, but I walked to a island.  The tin man began to melt.  The tin man began to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A man appeared and began to throw some cars at me.  The man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the lava" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  The man started to spit out lots of fires.  I saw a huge dinosaur with photos on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic monster with metal squares sticking out of its legs.  The monster began to shake.  The monster began to kick me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a tin man wildly shrinking in height.  The monster shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a graceful bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  A teacher came out of nowhere and started melting.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a island.  The teacher began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The insects are in the snow"  

A statue appeared and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to melt.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly showed me several glass triangles.  A director of the classroom came out of nowhere and gave me some cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The director of the classroom said "Hey man, it happens"  The director of the classroom melted into thin air.  

I saw a graceful teacher with fires on its arms.  The teacher showed me several pencils.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  The teacher crumbled into nothingness.  

I was crumbling in a large airport, and I began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a island, with a monster wildly melting.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dining hall suddenly said "The fires are in the pen"  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being scared.  The scarecrow gave me some bags.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a large dog with snows coming out of its feet.  The dog showed me several bugs.  The dog started to spit out lots of bumps.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher appeared and stated "The fires are in the car"  The teacher began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The teacher stated "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow sprinted to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the church.  The scarecrow stated "The cats are in the glass square"  The scarecrow melted into nothingness.  

I was shaking in a graceful dining hall, and I stated "What's going on?"  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a tin man walked to a church.  The tin man began to shake.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The tin man began to throw some lavas at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and showed me several cars.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  The scene changed to a church, with a leader of the church quickly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the church saying "That sucks"  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a man walked to a island.  The man began to shoot me.  The island suddenly began to throw some fires at me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The man started to spit out lots of bugs.  The man began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The person who looked just like me started melting, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and started crumbling.  The statue began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The statue began to sing to me.  The statue shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a dog gave me some phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cats are in the fruit" thinking this would help.  I saw a bright cat with spikes all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The cat began to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so bright?"  

I saw a graceful cat with phones coming out of its legs.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat began to yell at me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A statue appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat started to spit out lots of ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright cat with glass squares coming out of its eyes.  The cat began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The cat began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to shake.  The airport suddenly began to sing to me.  A dog showed up and started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  The airport suddenly showed me several spikes.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large monster with fruit on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man slowly crumbling.  The tin man started to spit out lots of fires.  A person who looked just like me showed up and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  The tin man grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a church when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  The church suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  A dinosaur appeared and started growing much larger.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the dorm.  The church suddenly started melting.  I saw a small cat with bags on its arms.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the basement of a dorm, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a statue began to shrink in height.  The statue started shaking.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to crumble.  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange basement of a dining hall on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several photos.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous man with fires coming out of its legs.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The man began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the classroom.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" for some reason.  The church suddenly started melting.  I saw a pale tin man with spikes sticking out of its back.  The house suddenly drove to a classroom.  The tin man began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and gave me some insects.  The man started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  The man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with snows everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the church.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a large dining hall, and I wasn't worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the dining hall.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man started growing much larger.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue walked to a island.  The island suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the dining hall.  A director of the dining hall showed up and began to grab me.  The statue started to spit out lots of pencils.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The director of the dining hall continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike dog with photos sticking out of its face.  The dog started growing much larger.  The dog started shaking.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the classroom.  I saw a huge dinosaur with bugs all over its toes.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a huge church, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the church.  A cat came out of nowhere and gave me some pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" thinking this would help.  The cat drove to a bed.  The cat shrunk in height into thin air.  

A monster showed up and began to smack me.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The monster began to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The monster began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I saw a obscure cat with ices all over its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with logs sticking out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat towering"  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with cars everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the house.  The house suddenly showed me several mice.  A dog appeared and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The dog began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and went to a airport.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of insects.  The cat began to crumble.  The cat whispered "Why are you so red?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue wildly melting.  The statue began to grab me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  A dog came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of pens.  The dorm suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The dog started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a basement of a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the island.  The island suddenly said "Why are you so pale?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque man with metal squares coming out of its toes.  The man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the classroom.  The man began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something satisfying, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The man began to throw some spikes at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with glass triangles coming out of its face.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something wrong.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and went to a house.  The house suddenly began to slap me.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly began to melt.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with pencils all over its arms.  The tin man started shaking.  The tin man began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The tin man stated "You must look inside"  I saw a large person who looked just like me with cars coming out of its mouth.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The dogs are in the snow"  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a beach.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a dorm.  I saw a green tin man with dogs on its mouth.  The tin man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and stated "The lavas are in the bump"  The statue started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The dog began to shake.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow slowly growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The church suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a green church, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the airport.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The airport suddenly began to smack me, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The dinosaur began to punch me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I saw a childlike teacher with pens on its tongue.  The teacher started to spit out lots of cats.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the dining hall.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The teacher began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the basement of a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful teacher with logs on its arms.  The teacher began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?" for some reason.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt very angry.  The scarecrow began to throw some logs at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so towering?"  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with bags everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a airport.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a cat slowly melting.  The cat drove to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a small man with bags coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The man began to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a blue airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the airport.  I saw a obscure statue with bugs all over its eyes.  The statue began to shake.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the airport, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog began to throw some pens at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  I saw a blue monster with spikes coming out of its mouth.  The dog showed me several fires.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the classroom.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a green house, and I wasn't afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The house suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster began to grab me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the bed.  A statue came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to jump over me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with mice sticking out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher quickly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the island.  I saw a small statue with glass triangles all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and went to a dorm.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I threw some cats at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The dog began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The dog said "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The airport suddenly stated "That sucks"  I saw a towering person who looked just like me with phones sticking out of its legs.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to throw some snows at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The lavas are in the fire"  

A statue appeared and began to shake.  The statue began to throw some bugs at me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little anxious thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The fruit are in the snow"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with pens everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  A teacher appeared and said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the church.  The church suddenly began to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange basement of a beach with pencils everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I wasn't happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The beach suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the basement of a church, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very bright" for some reason.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "The wooden triangles are in the dog"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher gave me some logs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog slowly crumbling.  The teacher shouted "The pens are in the fruit"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a dog gave me some dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The dog began to throw some pencils at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me carefully shrinking in height.  The dog began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with ices sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to shake.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a pleasant cat with glass squares on its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a director of the island whispered "You must look inside"  The director of the island began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a statue carefully shaking.  The director of the island drove to a basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a obscure airport, and I began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the airport.  I saw a childlike cat with metal triangles sticking out of its feet.  The airport suddenly walked to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the airport.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and began to jump over me.  The man began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man carefully shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the airport.  A cat appeared and began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog showed me several photos.  The dog began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a teacher wildly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the dining hall.  The airport suddenly showed me several pens.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a island.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly like I had done something wrong for some reason.  I saw a blue statue with metal triangles sticking out of its legs.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the island.  The statue showed me several fruit, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to throw some fires at me.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The person who looked just like me stated "You must look inside"  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the photo" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly went to a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to jump over me.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stated "I want to crumble"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the airport.  I saw a obscure cat with snows on its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the airport.  The scarecrow began to throw some bugs at me.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is very grotesque" thinking this would help.  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with cars sticking out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and began to shoot me.  The teacher started to spit out lots of bumps.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The teacher shook into thin air.  

A cat came out of nowhere and gave me some cats.  The cat began to throw some phones at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The cat began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt strangely like I had accomplished something helpful.  The cat began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The beach suddenly drove to a basement of a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike dog with cats sticking out of its toes.  The dog started to spit out lots of bumps.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dog started shaking.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and ran to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the church.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue dinosaur with dogs all over its legs.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of bugs.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The dinosaur drove to a basement of a house.  I saw a tiny tin man with glass squares sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green man with photos all over its tongue.  The man began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a cat started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  A dinosaur appeared and began to throw some pencils at me.  The cat began to punch me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur said "You must look inside"  The cat grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a bright scarecrow with cats coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the snow" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a man went to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a person who looked just like me carefully crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the bed.  The man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the dorm.  I saw a childlike scarecrow with photos on its mouth.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  A monster appeared and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me shouted "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with pens everywhere.  The classroom suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the classroom.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  The person who looked just like me shook into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with snows everywhere.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to jump over me, and I smiled.  

I saw a green dog with dogs on its legs.  The dog started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a statue absent-mindedly shaking.  The dog began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny monster with bugs all over its tongue.  The monster walked to a church.  The monster began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the church, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and said "The fires are in the cat"  The tin man began to jump over me.  The tin man began to melt.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a cat wildly crumbling.  The cat began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a small house, and I wasn't concerned.  The house suddenly said "The lavas are in the cat"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the house.  I saw a green cat with pens all over its tongue.  The house suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the house.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red dog with fires sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dog began to throw some wooden triangles at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being worried.  The dog began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with photos everywhere.  The house suddenly showed me several snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started melting.  The person who looked just like me stated "The bumps are in the pencil"  The classroom suddenly drove to a beach.  I saw a blue monster with cars sticking out of its mouth.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was crumbling in a massive church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the church.  The church suddenly began to yell at me.  A monster came out of nowhere and shouted "Why are you so massive?"  The monster began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The monster drove to a house.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue tin man with wooden squares coming out of its face.  The tin man began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The monster began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I threw some spikes at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a bright dorm, and I began to shake.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  The dorm suddenly began to kick me.  I saw a obscure cat with logs all over its eyes.  The dorm suddenly stated "The pencils are in the snow"  The dorm suddenly shouted "The cars are in the bug"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure scarecrow with fires sticking out of its face.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow ran to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a basement of a basement of a house when all of a sudden a dog ran to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dog began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green teacher with phones on its back.  The teacher began to melt.  The teacher began to grab me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of fires.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The statue began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the house.  The statue began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a graceful monster with photos coming out of its eyes.  The monster began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The monster began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a red dog with insects on its legs.  The dog began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The monster began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright tin man with wooden squares all over its arms.  The tin man began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The tin man ran to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The tin man sprinted to a beach.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the beach.  The tin man began to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a childlike dining hall, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a large house, and I shouted "I want to grow much larger"  The house suddenly gave me some lavas.  The house suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a pleasant man with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the house.  The man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely pale", and I smiled.  

I was melting in a graceful dorm, and I stopped being worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the dorm.  I saw a small man with bags on its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the dorm.  The man walked to a airport.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a futuristic classroom, and I wasn't worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly showed me several cats.  A cat showed up and started melting.  The cat began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The cat began to shake.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Why are you so futuristic?", and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with insects on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the classroom.  A dinosaur showed up and said "The glass squares are in the bump"  The classroom suddenly whispered "Why are you so pleasant?"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a pleasant classroom, and I felt a little furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the bug" for some reason.  The classroom suddenly gave me some insects.  I saw a hideous dog with phones on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  The dog showed me several mice, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a massive airport, and I said "What's going on?"  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the airport, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and began to crumble.  The cat began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The cat began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to melt.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man shook into the ground.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the classroom.  A cat appeared and gave me some glass triangles.  The cat showed me several pencils.  The cat shouted "You must look inside"  The cat melted into thin air.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow stated "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to throw some snows at me, but I yelled at it "This is very bright"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the bed.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly started melting.  The bed suddenly began to yell at me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a statue drove to a church.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The statue showed me several snows.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the church.  The church suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The pencils are in the bag"  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog began to punch me.  The dining hall suddenly went to a island.  The island suddenly started melting.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and began to crumble.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a large scarecrow with ices on its mouth.  The scarecrow showed me several bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic man with pens all over its tongue.  The man began to kick me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The man showed me several logs.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man carefully shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the church.  I saw a graceful dog with spikes all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with logs coming out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me stated "The insects are in the lava"  The person who looked just like me showed me several bags.  The scene changed to a island, with a manager of the island carefully growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the island.  The manager of the island shook into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and stated "The logs are in the car"  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque classroom, and I shouted "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I saw a obscure man with bumps sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The classroom suddenly walked to a beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green monster with logs coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The monster went to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

A monster came out of nowhere and whispered "The ices are in the bug"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The monster started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  I saw a hideous manager of the airport with photos coming out of its back.  The manager of the airport began to throw some pencils at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow gave me some ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried for some reason.  The scarecrow shouted "The bugs are in the bump"  I saw a small monster with spikes on its tongue.  The monster began to smack me, but I threw some fires at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The scarecrow ran to a island.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The statue showed me several spikes.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure man with ices sticking out of its face.  The man began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  The man started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a house, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly crumbling.  The scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with pencils sticking out of its face.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the beach.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly sprinted to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry thinking this would help.  A dinosaur appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to stand on me.  The basement of a house suddenly went to a airport.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a cat went to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the island.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful dog with dogs all over its face.  The dog began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with mice all over its eyes.  The scarecrow gave me some wooden triangles.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat wildly growing much larger.  The cat showed me several phones.  A man came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the dorm.  The cat started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The lavas are in the bag"  

I saw a hideous man with mice sticking out of its back.  The man began to shake.  The man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the airport.  The man started to spit out lots of fruit, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with snows everywhere.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  A tin man came out of nowhere and walked to a house.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The tin man started to spit out lots of phones.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a basement of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the basement of a bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason.  The church suddenly showed me several bugs.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge teacher with metal triangles coming out of its back.  The teacher said "Why are you so huge?"  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The teacher crumbled into nothingness.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow shouted "The spikes are in the insect"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I saw a bright teacher with lavas all over its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the bed.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque man with snows on its legs.  The man showed me several cats.  The man began to kick me.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had done something helpful thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic tin man with spikes all over its toes.  The tin man drove to a dorm.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I whispered "Hello?"  The tin man stated "The mice are in the car"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dinosaur drove to a house.  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of logs.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive statue with wooden squares all over its toes.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The statue stated "The snows are in the spike"  I don't know why, but I ran to a bed.  The statue showed me several photos.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale statue with mice all over its mouth.  The statue started shaking.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and started growing much larger.  The cat began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The cat began to shoot me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the airport.  I saw a grotesque tin man with mice all over its back.  The airport suddenly went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a monster went to a dorm.  The monster sprinted to a bed.  The dorm suddenly drove to a basement of a classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a church.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a blue airport, and I felt slightly terrified.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to kick me.  A scarecrow showed up and started melting.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me ran to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  The island suddenly showed me several logs.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

I was crumbling in a red dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the ice" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The cat drove to a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some bumps.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque dog with bugs sticking out of its legs.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dog started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the dorm.  The dog started melting, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and started to spit out lots of photos.  The statue started crumbling.  The statue began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher slowly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the church.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with fruit everywhere.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a statue carefully crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The statue gave me some pencils, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange basement of a dining hall with wooden squares everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly said "That sucks"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue slowly shaking.  The statue began to punch me.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike teacher with cats coming out of its mouth.  The teacher began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher began to throw some glass squares at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the bed.  The teacher grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a large dog with spikes sticking out of its legs.  The dog walked to a dining hall.  The dog started crumbling.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow carefully shrinking in height.  The church suddenly shouted "Why are you so large?"  The church suddenly said "The dogs are in the log"  The church suddenly showed me several pens, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and started shrinking in height.  The teacher showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the beach.  I saw a towering tin man with ices sticking out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  A cat came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The cat began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the bed.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a towering beach, and I said "I want to crumble"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the beach.  I saw a futuristic man with spikes on its arms.  The man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a massive house, and I whispered "This is very childlike"  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I saw a enormous dog with spikes on its arms.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dog started shaking.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a man began to crumble.  The man began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  A dog showed up and began to grow much larger.  The man went to a church.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I threw some logs at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man gave me some snows, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale dog with fruit on its legs.  The dog began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dog gave me some mice.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and said "The bumps are in the insect"  The statue started to spit out lots of cats.  The statue began to slap me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to throw some snows at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The dinosaur gave me some mice.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike monster with metal triangles on its tongue.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The monster began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't concerned.  The monster walked to a beach.  A tin man showed up and drove to a dining hall.  The beach suddenly said "The metal squares are in the bag"  The tin man ran to a dorm.  The tin man crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a tiny tin man with fruit sticking out of its back.  The tin man began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to shake.  A cat appeared and stated "Why are you so grotesque?"  The tin man started to spit out lots of cats.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a towering church, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the church.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and gave me some bags.  The man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is somewhat small" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a dog carefully growing much larger.  The house suddenly started shaking.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  The man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with dogs coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I whispered "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The basement of a beach suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A cat showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  The cat went to a airport.  The cat began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the church.  I saw a large person who looked just like me with pencils all over its back.  The cat began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something wrong.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat red"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with fruit sticking out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a classroom.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat wildly melting.  The person who looked just like me said "The pencils are in the snow"  I saw a small teacher with snows sticking out of its face.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some photos at me.  The teacher started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the dining hall.  The cat started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly ran to a basement of a house.  I saw a huge tin man with insects sticking out of its eyes.  The house suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the basement of a house.  The cat grew much larger into thin air.  

I was shaking in a small basement of a beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the basement of a beach.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a red bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly began to grab me.  The bed suddenly began to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with logs all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dining hall.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of cars.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man ran to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the island, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and went to a airport.  The dog began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The dog began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dinosaur wildly crumbling.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  A leader of the classroom appeared and began to shrink in height.  The leader of the classroom began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of photos, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  The statue started shaking.  The statue drove to a beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't worried.  The statue began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The beach suddenly whispered "Why are you so small?"  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a statue stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the classroom.  The statue began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  A scarecrow showed up and said "The lavas are in the car"  The scarecrow began to throw some ices at me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the classroom.  The scarecrow grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a large scarecrow with lavas coming out of its feet.  The scarecrow shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some bumps.  A dog showed up and began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The dog shook into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with photos sticking out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very futuristic" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I took a photo of it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a green basement of a island, and I said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the island.  I saw a red tin man with bags coming out of its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the island.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to throw some bumps at me, but I yelled at it "This is a little green"  A cat appeared and started melting.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The cat began to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The airport suddenly drove to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stated "Hello?"  The dining hall suddenly shouted "The bugs are in the phone"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the classroom.  I saw a large dog with photos on its feet.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a island.  The dog gave me some phones.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A cat came out of nowhere and showed me several fruit.  The cat began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The cat began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange basement of a dorm on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the spike" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The dinosaur showed me several bumps.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher wildly growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I saw a green man with snows on its back.  The beach suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the beach.  The dinosaur melted into the ground.  

A statue appeared and gave me some wooden squares.  The statue began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something great.  The statue began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly walked to a dining hall.  I saw a hideous teacher with insects coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  The teacher melted into the ground.  

I saw a pale dinosaur with bugs sticking out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The airport suddenly walked to a beach.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a small basement of a bed, and I felt a little content.  The bed suddenly began to throw some spikes at me.  The bed suddenly drove to a basement of a dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to kick me.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a church.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stated "What's going on?"  The scarecrow began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue dinosaur with fires on its tongue.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt strangely anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and began to shake.  The teacher began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the bug" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and started to spit out lots of photos.  The statue began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  The statue began to throw some fires at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  A monster showed up and began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the church.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and started crumbling.  The tin man began to take a photo of me.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I whispered "This is very massive"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content for some reason.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  The island suddenly began to shake.  I saw a hideous teacher with bags on its toes.  The island suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the bed.  The teacher began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with bugs everywhere.  The bed suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge dog with fires sticking out of its face.  The dog went to a church.  The church suddenly showed me several wooden squares.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "This is very futuristic"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the beach.  I saw a small scarecrow with logs coming out of its mouth.  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so huge?"  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow showed me several glass squares.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic cat with insects sticking out of its mouth.  The cat began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The cat began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The cat began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a tiny basement of a island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The basement of a island suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  A statue came out of nowhere and walked to a dorm.  The statue shouted "Why are you so tiny?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a small airport, and I stated "What's going on?"  The airport suddenly began to sing to me.  The airport suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me quickly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me whispered "The pencils are in the dog"  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The airport suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a man began to shake.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The man began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue person who looked just like me with cats all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the wooden triangle" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog gave me some fires.  The dog started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  The dog crumbled into thin air.  

A monster came out of nowhere and gave me some phones.  The monster started melting.  The monster began to slap me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dorm.  The monster began to shrink in height.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to throw some fires at me.  The monster began to kick me.  The person who looked just like me showed me several dogs.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a huge dinosaur with fires all over its tongue.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat obscure"  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster appeared and started to spit out lots of dogs.  The monster drove to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The monster sprinted to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with mice everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the dining hall.  I saw a futuristic man with phones coming out of its tongue.  The man started growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several bags.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant bed, and I stated "Hello?"  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  The island suddenly began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the airport.  I don't know why, but I ran to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a bright bed, and I felt a little angry.  The bed suddenly showed me several wooden squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I went to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with dogs everywhere.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  The classroom suddenly began to jump over me.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I began to melt.  The tin man began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a pleasant cat with lavas coming out of its face.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The cat began to throw some pencils at me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly crumbling.  The cat began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  A monster came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly walked to a beach, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a enormous classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  I saw a futuristic teacher with ices on its arms.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering tin man with cars coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The tin man began to melt.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the phone" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure tin man with fruit on its eyes.  The tin man whispered "That sucks"  The tin man whispered "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  A monster appeared and began to punch me.  The monster began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the dorm.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a pale dining hall, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a bed.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a huge basement of a beach, and I felt strangely nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the basement of a beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the basement of a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The teacher walked to a bed.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly drove to a island.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a statue started melting.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  The statue began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog absent-mindedly shaking.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright teacher with spikes all over its feet.  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The teacher started melting, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and started growing much larger.  The man started crumbling.  The man began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The man crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with fruit all over its tongue.  The dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some cars at me.  The scene changed to a house, with a monster absent-mindedly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the house.  A leader of the house came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The house suddenly said "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The pens are in the ice"  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The dog drove to a basement of a basement of a basement of a airport.  The dog began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I don't know why, but I went to a house.  The dog began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was crumbling in a enormous classroom, and I felt a little terrified.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  A dinosaur appeared and stated "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly showed me several phones.  The dinosaur stated "The metal squares are in the mouse"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike classroom, and I shouted "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the beach.  The classroom suddenly walked to a church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large statue with bugs coming out of its face.  The statue began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The statue began to crumble.  The statue shouted "That sucks", and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bugs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the church.  The church suddenly showed me several wooden triangles.  A statue came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly whispered "Why are you so futuristic?"  The statue began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and showed me several cars.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The monster gave me some pencils.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  A man appeared and drove to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster appeared and began to grow much larger.  The monster started melting.  The monster began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a dorm, with a cat absent-mindedly shaking.  The cat started growing much larger.  A statue showed up and began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried thinking this would help.  The cat began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster shook into nothingness.  

I was shaking in a red dining hall, and I stated "I want to crumble"  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the dining hall.  A statue showed up and showed me several cats.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the dining hall.  The statue gave me some photos, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so red?"  

I saw a towering cat with cars coming out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The cat started melting.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow slowly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content thinking this would help.  I saw a pleasant statue with bags on its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the dorm.  The statue went to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The monster drove to a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The monster began to take a photo of me.  The monster gave me some fruit.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small dog with mice coming out of its tongue.  The dog went to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the airport.  I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with pencils all over its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue dinosaur with fires coming out of its feet.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a towering dog with snows sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious thinking this would help.  The dog began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The dog began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the island.  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

A teacher appeared and walked to a church.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  The teacher started to spit out lots of snows.  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shaking.  The house suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly went to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

A dinosaur showed up and started growing much larger.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur showed me several fruit.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I began to shrink in height.  The church suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the basement of a church.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so massive?"  

I was melting in a futuristic basement of a bed, and I shouted "I want to shrink in height"  The basement of a bed suddenly began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the basement of a bed.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The cat began to throw some wooden triangles at me.  The dog showed me several wooden squares.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and stated "You must look inside"  The teacher ran to a classroom.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to grab me.  The teacher showed me several phones.  The teacher shook into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  The beach suddenly walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the beach.  I saw a pleasant scarecrow with lavas sticking out of its legs.  The scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly began to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a graceful tin man with metal triangles coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to shoot me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a enormous cat with fruit sticking out of its face.  The cat gave me some pens.  The cat shouted "The spikes are in the log"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a enormous beach, and I felt slightly furious.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the beach.  The scene changed to a airport, with a man carefully crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the airport.  The man walked to a island.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a bright dog with fruit all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The dog started to spit out lots of phones.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  I saw a towering scarecrow with spikes sticking out of its toes.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bumps.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with insects on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The dinosaur began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly drove to a church.  A teacher showed up and began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The tin man showed me several ices.  The tin man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a house.  The tin man began to kick me.  A dog came out of nowhere and walked to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the house.  The dog sprinted to a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me.  The dog said "The glass squares are in the car"  The scene changed to a beach, with a tin man slowly crumbling.  The beach suddenly drove to a airport.  The tin man started melting.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a beach when all of a sudden a man started crumbling.  The man shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the basement of a beach.  I saw a obscure scarecrow with ices on its mouth.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the basement of a beach.  The man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a man began to slap me.  The house suddenly drove to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The bed suddenly walked to a church.  The house suddenly went to a beach.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

A cat showed up and started crumbling.  The cat began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the island, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a statue gave me some cats.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the house.  The basement of a house suddenly walked to a airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  The statue went to a basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the basement of a house.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a red bed, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the bed.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The tin man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the bed, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a childlike dining hall, and I stopped being worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the dining hall.  A statue showed up and began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure dog with spikes sticking out of its tongue.  The dog walked to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the bed.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The person who looked just like me shouted "The photos are in the lava"  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to melt.  The person who looked just like me walked to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the bed.  A dinosaur showed up and started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the basement of a bed.  The dinosaur showed me several cats.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt a little content.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the lava" for some reason.  I saw a small dinosaur with fruit coming out of its back.  The statue began to throw some glass triangles at me.  The statue began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

A tin man appeared and began to smack me.  The tin man began to crumble.  The tin man showed me several bags.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The pencils are in the insect"  

I saw a red statue with insects on its back.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scene changed to a beach, with a man carefully shrinking in height.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The beach suddenly said "The pens are in the pencil"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so green?"  

I was shaking in a tiny church, and I wasn't concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly gave me some insects.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The teacher began to jump over me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster slowly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and began to yell at me.  The statue began to kick me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the classroom.  A dog appeared and showed me several snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The wooden triangles are in the metal triangle" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the classroom.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The statue started to spit out lots of pencils.  The statue went to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some fruit.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the photo" thinking this would help.  I saw a small teacher with cars all over its tongue.  The cat showed me several phones.  The person who looked just like me walked to a classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me said "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher carefully shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the classroom.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red monster with metal triangles coming out of its eyes.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The monster stated "The logs are in the fire"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue scarecrow with pens on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  The scarecrow said "Why are you so blue?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  The scarecrow showed me several cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The scarecrow grew much larger into nothingness.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The bumps are in the pencil"  

A cat showed up and went to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the church.  The cat began to punch me, but I threw some logs at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't concerned.  The cat began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?" for some reason.  The cat grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a leader of the bed started shaking.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I whispered "This is a little tiny"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The leader of the bed began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The leader of the bed continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque island, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the island.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  A man came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of glass squares.  The man began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with snows all over its feet.  The teacher shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the house.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow walked to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the dorm.  I saw a red statue with bumps coming out of its tongue.  The statue began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green dog with spikes on its arms.  The dog started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The dog melted into nothingness.  

I saw a red tin man with snows all over its face.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "This is very green"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge cat with mice on its back.  The cat started crumbling.  The cat started to spit out lots of logs.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher drove to a island.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The island suddenly walked to a airport.  I saw a tiny monster with fires all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The monster began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  The teacher shouted "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  The teacher began to throw some insects at me.  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The dog began to throw some phones at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog began to yell at me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur shook into thin air.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue started growing much larger.  The statue began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the dining hall.  A cat appeared and showed me several dogs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the dining hall.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A monster showed up and began to shake.  The monster began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat quickly shaking.  The monster began to punch me, but I threw some mice at it and ran away.  The bed suddenly showed me several spikes.  The monster melted into nothingness.  

I saw a small man with bumps sticking out of its eyes.  The man began to throw some fires at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large man with phones on its mouth.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the dining hall.  A monster appeared and gave me some fires.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

A statue showed up and began to crumble.  The statue drove to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a teacher slowly crumbling.  The teacher gave me some insects.  A man showed up and ran to a church.  The island suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with wooden squares coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The scarecrow stated "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stated "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified thinking this would help.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some fruit at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" for some reason, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a basement of a bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly went to a basement of a dining hall.  The house suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a monster carefully shrinking in height.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The monster began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with fruit everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the island.  The island suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the basement of a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog gave me some mice.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the dorm.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and sprinted to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the island.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt slightly angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bags everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the church.  The church suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  A teacher showed up and said "You must look inside"  The teacher began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The teacher began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a enormous church, and I felt strangely worried.  The church suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the church.  I saw a childlike scarecrow with snows coming out of its tongue.  The church suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to slap me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with spikes on its feet.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A man came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a teacher absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The teacher started to spit out lots of fires.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the house.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I don't know why, but I drove to a church.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  The tin man shouted "That sucks"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright man with phones sticking out of its eyes.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shake" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the beach.  I saw a hideous dinosaur with dogs all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with logs all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me showed me several photos.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow quickly growing much larger.  The church suddenly shouted "The phones are in the ice"  A statue came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a basement of a classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The basement of a classroom suddenly walked to a bed.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque statue with spikes on its tongue.  The statue started melting.  The statue began to smack me, but I threw some bags at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I wasn't afraid.  The statue began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The statue grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a basement of a island when all of a sudden a tin man drove to a airport.  The island suddenly shouted "The insects are in the bump"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the basement of a island.  I saw a red monster with bags all over its tongue.  The tin man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is very green"  The monster started growing much larger.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with fruit coming out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The dinosaur drove to a house, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge scarecrow with wooden squares coming out of its face.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The scarecrow gave me some mice.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a blue basement of a basement of a dining hall, and I felt very nervous.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very grotesque" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with insects sticking out of its legs.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The tin man stated "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stated "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" for some reason.  The tin man started melting.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The monster began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The monster began to melt.  The monster showed me several bugs.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and started melting.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The tin man melted into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque man with dogs sticking out of its face.  The man began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  A statue appeared and gave me some snows.  The house suddenly stated "The bags are in the insect"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the house.  The man melted into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with insects everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with fruit all over its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a island.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with phones sticking out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  A cat appeared and showed me several cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly began to punch me, and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dog began to punch me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  The dog began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a house.  The dog began to melt.  I saw a tiny cat with ices coming out of its face.  The house suddenly gave me some glass squares.  The house suddenly began to stand on me.  The dog grew much larger into nothingness.  

I was crumbling in a massive dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a airport.  A tin man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The tin man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something terrible.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur grew much larger into thin air.  

A teacher appeared and showed me several pens.  The teacher began to shake.  The teacher went to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster slowly crumbling.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I saw a bright statue with bumps sticking out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue dog with lavas all over its back.  The dog began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The dog began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The airport suddenly walked to a house.  A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several spikes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the airport.  The dog whispered "Why are you so blue?"  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque bed, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the bed.  A statue came out of nowhere and started melting.  The statue showed me several cats.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the bed.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with lavas everywhere.  The dorm suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  I saw a hideous dog with ices coming out of its face.  The dorm suddenly ran to a classroom.  The dog began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is somewhat obscure" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to slap me.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a statue started to spit out lots of metal squares.  The statue began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the beach.  The statue began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The statue shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The statue began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and began to crumble.  The man went to a airport.  The man began to grow much larger.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with ices everywhere.  The house suddenly ran to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the church.  A dinosaur showed up and showed me several insects.  The church suddenly sprinted to a airport.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the bed.  A statue appeared and stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the bed.  The statue drove to a dining hall.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge cat with cars sticking out of its toes.  The cat said "Why are you so huge?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog wildly melting.  The cat began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  A monster appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The monster whispered "You must look inside"  The monster gave me some insects.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried thinking this would help.  The monster began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The man began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The man began to melt.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow wildly shrinking in height.  The man began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  A tin man showed up and went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The tin man whispered "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a island.  The basement of a bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The basement of a bed suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A dinosaur appeared and began to crumble.  The dinosaur began to throw some dogs at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the island.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive cat with insects on its tongue.  The cat drove to a house.  The cat began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I saw a small tin man with pens coming out of its face.  The cat began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly began to melt.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the church.  The dog started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a towering basement of a island, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the basement of a island.  A leader of the basement of a island came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a airport.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue statue with insects all over its face.  The statue drove to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly stated "The cars are in the glass triangle"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the basement of a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat began to yell at me.  The cat began to shake.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The cat began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  The cat started to spit out lots of pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the island, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a bright basement of a airport, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the basement of a airport.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of logs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large cat with pencils sticking out of its eyes.  The cat sprinted to a dining hall.  The cat began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The cat crumbled into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with wooden triangles everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the photo" for some reason.  A monster appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The monster showed me several logs.  The monster began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something satisfying.  The airport suddenly began to smack me, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure statue with dogs coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the lava" thinking this would help.  The statue sprinted to a dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the beach.  I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with metal triangles all over its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a statue whispered "That sucks"  The statue started growing much larger.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a dog quickly crumbling.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dog gave me some fires.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me whispered "The dogs are in the dog"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a huge dog with ices coming out of its feet.  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with snows on its toes.  The dinosaur shouted "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being afraid.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "This is a little bright"  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a monster began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The monster began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "This is a little pleasant"  I saw a childlike tin man with pens all over its back.  The church suddenly drove to a basement of a basement of a dorm.  The church suddenly sprinted to a island.  The monster crumbled into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a statue began to melt.  The statue drove to a church.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The statue began to smack me.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the classroom.  I saw a childlike manager of the classroom with pencils coming out of its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of fires, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive monster with snows on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The monster showed me several lavas.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the church.  A scarecrow appeared and shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The monster started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so massive?"  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly drove to a dorm.  The monster showed me several photos.  The monster said "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

I saw a blue teacher with bumps coming out of its tongue.  The teacher began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The teacher gave me some fires.  The scene changed to a beach, with a monster wildly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the beach.  The monster began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The pencils are in the phone"  

I saw a red statue with photos on its arms.  The statue gave me some dogs.  The statue went to a house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The statue began to melt.  A cat appeared and gave me some spikes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the house.  The cat began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale teacher with bumps sticking out of its back.  The teacher walked to a house.  The teacher started to spit out lots of fires.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster appeared and began to shake.  The monster walked to a basement of a island.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The fires are in the bag"  

My friends and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange basement of a house on top of a basement of a dorm.  The basement of a house suddenly whispered "The bumps are in the ice"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I saw a tiny monster with bugs coming out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the house.  The monster began to punch me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a statue began to shoot me.  The island suddenly showed me several dogs.  The statue began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  I saw a graceful monster with insects all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The statue started to spit out lots of ices.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale person who looked just like me with metal squares all over its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a man carefully crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  A cat came out of nowhere and showed me several dogs.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a church.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fires are in the fruit" thinking this would help.  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with mice all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright scarecrow with glass triangles sticking out of its arms.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small man with bumps coming out of its face.  The man began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur slowly shaking.  The man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  A cat came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  The cat shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a pale tin man with logs on its tongue.  The tin man began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with mice everywhere.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the classroom.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The statue began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  The statue said "Hey man, it happens"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a pleasant church, and I stated "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is extremely blue" for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster wildly crumbling.  The monster gave me some logs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the church.  The monster started shaking, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a graceful classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the classroom.  I saw a towering statue with snows coming out of its mouth.  The statue went to a basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with mice sticking out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  The dinosaur began to melt.  The scene changed to a bed, with a statue wildly melting.  The statue gave me some pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The metal triangles are in the pen" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a small scarecrow with bumps on its arms.  The scarecrow began to throw some bags at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I shouted "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I threw some fires at it and ran away.  A teacher showed up and showed me several cars.  The teacher said "The fruit are in the cat"  The teacher went to a basement of a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous man with insects sticking out of its toes.  The man began to melt.  The man started to spit out lots of mice.  The man shrunk in height into the ground.  

A man appeared and began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little futuristic" thinking this would help.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why, but I went to a dining hall.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry thinking this would help.  The man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very content, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous tin man with phones sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a pleasant church, and I began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the church.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The statue gave me some insects.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the church.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a island.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  A man appeared and began to throw some metal triangles at me.  The man stated "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly ran to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had accomplished something terrible thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a large scarecrow with phones coming out of its face.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  I saw a pale dog with bumps sticking out of its mouth.  The house suddenly began to shake.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

A statue showed up and began to shoot me.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  The statue started growing much larger.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a man gave me some pens.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shaking.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the airport.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright statue with pens coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The teacher began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little green" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge man with logs on its toes.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me carefully shrinking in height.  The house suddenly said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and showed me several glass triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a statue carefully growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the island.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to grab me.  The tin man gave me some bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some spikes.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into nothingness.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant cat with lavas sticking out of its eyes.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The cat began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure man with mice on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The man showed me several fires.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  The man started to spit out lots of pencils.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and shouted "The photos are in the bump"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a church.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  I saw a red man with ices sticking out of its arms.  The church suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large tin man with metal squares coming out of its legs.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "This is very obscure"  The tin man began to smack me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  A man showed up and started to spit out lots of photos.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and started to spit out lots of bugs.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the log" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike cat with phones sticking out of its feet.  The cat stated "The bumps are in the lava"  The cat began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I felt very like I had accomplished something satisfying.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  A man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The cat began to throw some lavas at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny cat with mice sticking out of its toes.  The cat began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The cat showed me several bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny monster with ices all over its eyes.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The monster sprinted to a church.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly went to a house.  I saw a obscure teacher with wooden squares on its mouth.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the airport.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is very hideous"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The fruit are in the fire"  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a classroom.  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the bed.  I saw a childlike cat with mice sticking out of its feet.  The cat began to sing to me, but I threw some fruit at it and ran away.  The bed suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The pencils are in the insect"  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a dog showed me several spikes.  The dog began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the church.  A teacher showed up and sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the dining hall.  The dog began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so green?"  

I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with fruit all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a director of the beach slowly melting.  The beach suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The director of the beach began to grab me, but I yelled at it "This is a little pleasant"  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque airport, and I began to grow much larger.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the airport.  I saw a pale man with spikes on its legs.  The airport suddenly gave me some mice.  The man started shrinking in height.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The island suddenly began to stand on me.  I saw a towering monster with bugs sticking out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the island.  The monster began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The monster grew much larger into nothingness.  

A cat appeared and started shaking.  The cat began to throw some fires at me.  The cat went to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a grotesque cat with lavas all over its back.  The cat began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The cat started to spit out lots of bags.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the bed.  The cat shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a basement of a basement of a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue gave me some pens.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some mice.  The basement of a basement of a dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the basement of a dining hall.  The statue began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The cars are in the wooden triangle"  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with snows everywhere.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?"  The classroom suddenly stated "The bags are in the ice"  The church suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the airport.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The airport suddenly gave me some bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a statue started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly gave me some metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  A scarecrow showed up and began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the basement of a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the bag" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt slightly terrified.  The dorm suddenly went to a beach.  The teacher began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a tiny basement of a island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly began to shake.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is somewhat green" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  The dorm suddenly began to slap me.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  The dorm suddenly stated "Why are you so grotesque?", and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic dog with cats on its eyes.  The dog began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  The dog started melting.  I saw a obscure scarecrow with cars coming out of its tongue.  The scarecrow went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a beach when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the beach.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The man began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The man grew much larger into thin air.  

A man showed up and showed me several glass triangles.  The man walked to a church.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being worried.  The man began to sing to me.  I saw a graceful director of the airport with fruit all over its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the airport.  The man grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur went to a house.  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  The dinosaur showed me several phones.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow carefully growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the dorm.  The dinosaur started melting.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with lavas on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely childlike" thinking this would help.  A tin man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little tiny" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me whispered "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a childlike man with pencils sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the snow" for some reason.  The man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something great.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly walked to a airport.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green monster with wooden triangles sticking out of its back.  The monster sprinted to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the airport.  I saw a towering statue with photos all over its eyes.  The monster began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The monster shook into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a teacher gave me some phones.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  A cat came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and gave me some ices.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I threw some pens at it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I was shaking in a graceful house, and I felt a little content.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the basement of a bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to throw some glass triangles at me.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and ran to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly shaking.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  A monster appeared and began to crumble.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the island.  The beach suddenly gave me some fires, and I smiled.  

I saw a large statue with cars coming out of its tongue.  The statue began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with dogs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the airport.  I saw a bright statue with bumps sticking out of its eyes.  The statue began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the airport.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red cat with fires all over its legs.  The cat drove to a bed.  The bed suddenly ran to a beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the bed.  A monster showed up and began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue man with lavas coming out of its arms.  The man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man sprinted to a classroom.  The scene changed to a house, with a cat absent-mindedly melting.  The cat began to melt.  The house suddenly gave me some phones.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and began to kick me.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  The monster drove to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The bed suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man melted into nothingness.  

I saw a pleasant dog with phones on its face.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The dog walked to a beach.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and drove to a house.  The statue stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had accomplished something terrible thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man wildly crumbling.  The house suddenly sprinted to a beach.  I saw a large man with metal squares sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a tiny airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the airport.  I saw a grotesque cat with logs all over its face.  The airport suddenly ran to a church.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and showed me several mice.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I screamed at it "This is very huge"  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  The dinosaur crumbled into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a dog sprinted to a dorm.  The dog started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the beach.  A tin man came out of nowhere and gave me some bags.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the beach.  The dorm suddenly gave me some ices.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous cat with fires coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" thinking this would help.  The cat began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The cat began to grow much larger.  I saw a tiny monster with fruit all over its toes.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large monster with cats sticking out of its legs.  The monster went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I shot it and ran away.  I saw a grotesque cat with logs coming out of its feet.  The cat began to kick me.  The island suddenly began to throw some bugs at me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with bags everywhere.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a blue leader of the classroom with bugs on its tongue.  The classroom suddenly ran to a beach.  The leader of the classroom began to throw some pencils at me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with photos coming out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a church.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I saw a futuristic manager of the church with wooden triangles sticking out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the church saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant dorm, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the dog"  The dorm suddenly drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to jump over me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the beach.  The dorm suddenly ran to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a blue island, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright scarecrow with spikes all over its eyes.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a church.  The church suddenly began to yell at me.  A monster appeared and whispered "That sucks"  The scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with glass squares coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale dog with fruit sticking out of its back.  The dog showed me several dogs.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow carefully crumbling.  The church suddenly started shaking.  The dog began to stand on me.  The dog shook into nothingness.  

I saw a pale cat with lavas coming out of its eyes.  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat obscure"  The cat whispered "The pens are in the bag"  I don't know why, but I ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous thinking this would help.  The cat showed me several insects.  The cat crumbled into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "This is very pale"  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is very obscure"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some spikes at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and began to melt.  The tin man began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The tin man whispered "The bugs are in the bag"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The church suddenly began to punch me.  The tin man shook into thin air.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with bags on its feet.  The person who looked just like me went to a basement of a classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the basement of a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a green island, and I said "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the metal square" thinking this would help.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a pale monster with dogs sticking out of its eyes.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque monster with logs sticking out of its face.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The monster gave me some spikes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man gave me some bugs.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  I saw a bright scarecrow with lavas coming out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the classroom.  The scarecrow melted into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with wooden triangles on its toes.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a dining hall.  The island suddenly ran to a church.  The island suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I saw a enormous monster with pens coming out of its arms.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and began to grow much larger.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The statue began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful monster with glass triangles sticking out of its back.  The monster began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a classroom.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The monster drove to a island.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The insects are in the fire"  

I saw a large dog with metal triangles sticking out of its arms.  The dog started to spit out lots of pens.  The dog started crumbling.  The dog shook into nothingness.  

A teacher appeared and went to a bed.  The bed suddenly walked to a basement of a dorm.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  The teacher began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure dog with snows coming out of its face.  The dog stated "You must look inside"  The dog stated "Why are you so obscure?"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny statue with snows all over its arms.  The statue showed me several phones.  The statue stated "You must look inside"  The statue shook into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with lavas everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the church.  The church suddenly said "You must look inside"  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with insects sticking out of its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the church.  The church suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a pleasant basement of a beach, and I began to grow much larger.  The basement of a beach suddenly began to kick me.  The beach suddenly went to a airport.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a teacher showed me several logs.  The teacher began to throw some mice at me.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  A scarecrow appeared and sprinted to a house.  The scarecrow shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

A monster appeared and began to melt.  The monster began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The monster gave me some lavas.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt very content.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the basement of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and went to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat shouted "The logs are in the fire"  The cat began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a scarecrow slowly shaking.  The basement of a house suddenly began to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the basement of a house.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with pencils everywhere.  The house suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly began to sing to me.  A man showed up and began to kick me.  The man began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me shouted "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur quickly melting.  The bed suddenly walked to a dorm.  I saw a red man with ices coming out of its mouth.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  The dinosaur shook into thin air.  

I saw a bright monster with dogs all over its tongue.  The monster began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "This is very massive"  The monster began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I ran to a church.  The monster said "You must look inside"  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I saw a large person who looked just like me with phones on its face.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of lavas.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the airport, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the house.  The house suddenly started shaking.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the ice" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and began to yell at me.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The man began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a beach.  The man began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with spikes everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the island.  The island suddenly drove to a classroom.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur quickly melting.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  The dinosaur melted into the ground.  

I saw a pale statue with phones all over its mouth.  The statue began to crumble.  The statue began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I don't know why, but I drove to a dorm.  The statue sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the lava" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so pale?"  

I saw a graceful cat with metal triangles all over its legs.  The cat began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The cat began to slap me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so blue?"  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with cars all over its mouth.  The person who looked just like me gave me some bags.  The person who looked just like me walked to a church.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The insects are in the cat"  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the car" for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me wildly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" for some reason.  I saw a small statue with fires sticking out of its tongue.  The statue ran to a dining hall.  The statue began to kick me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat futuristic"  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a huge airport, and I stated "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the airport.  I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with pens on its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and began to throw some glass squares at me.  The teacher began to shake.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with dogs everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I saw a graceful tin man with pencils coming out of its legs.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some pens.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the dining hall.  The tin man grew much larger into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with phones everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a airport.  The airport suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and showed me several metal triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry for some reason.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dorm.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  A statue appeared and began to shake.  The dog began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The dog began to melt.  The dorm suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and began to crumble.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dog began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dog grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with mice all over its face.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The church suddenly showed me several ices.  The dinosaur walked to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The cats are in the insect"  

A monster showed up and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stated "This is somewhat hideous"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge statue with bags on its eyes.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The statue sprinted to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "The phones are in the log"  The statue began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  A leader of the church showed up and began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very obscure" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the island, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very large" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The tin man began to smack me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The tin man began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stated "I want to shrink in height"  The church suddenly drove to a house.  A teacher appeared and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to crumble.  The church suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a pleasant house, and I stated "Hello?"  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The house suddenly showed me several ices.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with snows on its face.  The person who looked just like me went to a airport.  The airport suddenly showed me several dogs.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with dogs everywhere.  The airport suddenly showed me several fires.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the airport.  I saw a green person who looked just like me with ices all over its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the airport.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a massive dining hall, and I felt a little terrified.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A dinosaur appeared and started crumbling.  The dinosaur shouted "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and showed me several pens.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some bags at me.  The tin man whispered "The cats are in the mouse", and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a island.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The island suddenly whispered "The bugs are in the fire"  The island suddenly stated "The ices are in the phone"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive cat with cars all over its tongue.  The cat started to spit out lots of photos.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I don't know why, but I went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  The cat began to melt, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a futuristic church, and I felt slightly angry.  The church suddenly went to a island.  The church suddenly started melting.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the church.  The house suddenly gave me some lavas.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and whispered "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and showed me several logs.  The monster began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The monster began to throw some bags at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a bright dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the cat" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dining hall.  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a house.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the house.  The bed suddenly began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a monster stated "You must look inside"  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The monster began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  I saw a graceful teacher with metal squares coming out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very huge" for some reason.  The teacher crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a small teacher with dogs coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The wooden squares are in the glass square" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stated "This is a little blue"  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a obscure man with bumps coming out of its mouth.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and began to grow much larger.  The cat began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The cat began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

A cat appeared and ran to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the island.  The cat began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The cat began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The wooden triangles are in the snow" for some reason.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat wildly shrinking in height.  The monster started to spit out lots of bags.  I saw a towering person who looked just like me with phones on its toes.  The cat began to kick me.  The cat began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with snows everywhere.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the airport.  I saw a futuristic teacher with dogs all over its legs.  The teacher showed me several cats.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I threw some bumps at it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright dog with glass squares sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher quickly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the bed.  A monster came out of nowhere and shouted "The logs are in the mouse"  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The dog began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

A teacher showed up and walked to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the beach.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a director of the basement of a island slowly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very red" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and showed me several photos.  The person who looked just like me went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I saw a green tin man with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a dog began to crumble.  The dog began to slap me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a classroom.  The dog sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  The dog grew much larger into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the airport.  The scene changed to a house, with a teacher absent-mindedly melting.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The teacher gave me some ices.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The bumps are in the dog"  

I was growing much larger in a red dining hall, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The dining hall suddenly went to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a island, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the dining hall.  The scarecrow stated "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a futuristic airport, and I heard a voice say "The wooden squares are in the pen"  The airport suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with photos sticking out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some insects at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me said "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a green basement of a beach, and I stopped being scared.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the basement of a beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a island.  The beach suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely obscure" for some reason.  The island suddenly shouted "Why are you so obscure?", and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a teacher drove to a classroom.  The teacher began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The church suddenly started melting.  The teacher began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a cat began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the island.  A dog appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The dog began to throw some phones at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dog grew much larger into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bugs everywhere.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I saw a childlike scarecrow with fruit coming out of its toes.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The monster started crumbling.  The monster shouted "The logs are in the lava"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny statue with metal squares all over its toes.  The statue began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The statue said "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher quickly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and walked to a beach.  The dog started melting.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the beach.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to slap me.  The scarecrow started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several cars.  A dinosaur showed up and started crumbling.  The scarecrow went to a bed.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to throw some lavas at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The monster began to grab me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering tin man with spikes sticking out of its legs.  The tin man drove to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dining hall.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and gave me some cats.  The monster walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly gave me some dogs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I said "That sucks"  The monster began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I saw a enormous teacher with photos coming out of its feet.  The teacher showed me several cars.  The house suddenly began to throw some snows at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous statue with fires coming out of its tongue.  The statue gave me some bugs.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a man slowly shaking.  The statue shouted "That sucks"  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The statue shook into nothingness.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and went to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the beach.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  I saw a childlike teacher with cats all over its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is somewhat graceful" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a childlike house, and I whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The house suddenly walked to a basement of a dining hall.  A dog appeared and started growing much larger.  The dog began to punch me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange basement of a beach with ices everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The basement of a beach suddenly drove to a basement of a house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The basement of a house suddenly showed me several logs.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the basement of a house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful monster with insects on its toes.  The monster gave me some bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shake.  The monster whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The photos are in the photo"  

I saw a blue tin man with mice sticking out of its feet.  The tin man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The tin man began to punch me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher wildly shaking.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The teacher walked to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  A dinosaur showed up and sprinted to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the beach.  The dinosaur ran to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a tin man started melting.  The tin man shouted "You must look inside"  The tin man began to punch me, but I sung to it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me appeared and sprinted to a dining hall.  The tin man began to throw some spikes at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The person who looked just like me shook into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with insects everywhere.  The house suddenly began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive tin man with bumps coming out of its feet.  The tin man started melting.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike tin man with cats coming out of its legs.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The tin man showed me several bags.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the house.  The house suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and gave me some dogs.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The statue walked to a island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt a little content.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the island.  The statue shouted "Why are you so obscure?"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with metal triangles sticking out of its eyes.  The scarecrow drove to a beach.  The scarecrow stated "The logs are in the pen"  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a statue carefully growing much larger.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the basement of a island.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me sprinted to a church.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  A teacher showed up and began to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and started shaking.  The cat began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The cat began to throw some cars at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with mice everywhere.  The house suddenly began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the house.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me showed me several pencils.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a pale cat with bumps sticking out of its arms.  The cat began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something great.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me, and I smiled.  

I saw a red dog with lavas on its tongue.  The dog drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster slowly growing much larger.  The dog began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with phones everywhere.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the basement of a dining hall.  I saw a bright cat with pencils sticking out of its face.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The cat began to kick me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat graceful"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a small classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Why are you so small?"  I don't know why, but I ran to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the phone" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the classroom.  The beach suddenly shouted "The lavas are in the ice", and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow showed me several insects.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The church suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  I saw a towering tin man with phones coming out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shrinking in height in a green beach, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the beach.  The beach suddenly said "That sucks"  A statue appeared and started shaking.  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  The statue went to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the dorm.  I saw a pleasant dinosaur with snows sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is somewhat green" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur started melting.  The dinosaur began to throw some mice at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the airport.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster absent-mindedly shaking.  The monster began to smack me.  The monster shouted "The bags are in the insect"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me quickly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the island.  The person who looked just like me showed me several snows.  The person who looked just like me melted into thin air.  

I saw a towering dog with phones all over its tongue.  The dog began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "This is a little small"  The dog shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is extremely obscure" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the church.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bugs everywhere.  The church suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the church.  I saw a small teacher with bags on its mouth.  The teacher said "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher stated "Why are you so large?"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some glass triangles at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the bag" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike statue with logs on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The statue shouted "The bumps are in the cat"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dorm.  The statue drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the beach.  The statue grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a tiny dog with lavas on its arms.  The dog began to shake.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble", and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque man with logs coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The man started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque monster with phones sticking out of its mouth.  The monster started to spit out lots of snows.  The monster began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The monster started to spit out lots of bumps.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and began to smack me.  The statue gave me some fruit.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow slowly shaking.  The scarecrow said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed for some reason.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt slightly angry.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with bumps everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the house.  The house suddenly started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the basement of a island.  The house suddenly showed me several snows.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike monster with cars all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified for some reason.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  The monster began to stand on me, but I threw some bugs at it and ran away.  The monster whispered "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with fruit all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the basement of a church.  A cat appeared and began to stand on me.  The dinosaur whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the basement of a church.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and started crumbling.  The dog started growing much larger.  The dog began to stand on me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the island.  The dog shouted "You must look inside"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with cats everywhere.  The church suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the church.  The scene changed to a island, with a monster wildly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the island.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with cars sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A cat appeared and started to spit out lots of bags.  The cat began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The cat gave me some insects.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man carefully crumbling.  The cat began to jump over me.  A dinosaur showed up and said "That sucks"  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the church.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small dinosaur with snows coming out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The dinosaur whispered "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt strangely furious.  The dinosaur began to melt.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale dog with dogs coming out of its legs.  The dog walked to a basement of a basement of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the basement of a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and sprinted to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster appeared and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The monster began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The scene changed to a church, with a leader of the church absent-mindedly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the church.  A teacher showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  The leader of the church began to shake.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure tin man with phones on its tongue.  The tin man drove to a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man began to slap me.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  A man came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some bugs.  The man shouted "The snows are in the car"  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and ran to a church.  The church suddenly went to a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some phones at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the church.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with fruit everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly gave me some metal squares.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a director of the dorm absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The director of the dorm began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scarecrow drove to a island.  The scarecrow grew much larger into thin air.  

A man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The statue began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The statue shouted "You must look inside"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with lavas sticking out of its toes.  The dinosaur drove to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the house.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the house.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic man with dogs all over its face.  The man said "That sucks"  The man began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The man sprinted to a island, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a leader of the house sprinted to a bed.  The house suddenly said "The lavas are in the dog"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the bed.  A statue came out of nowhere and said "Why are you so graceful?"  The statue began to crumble.  The statue began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a dog whispered "The cats are in the insect"  The island suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I saw a graceful teacher with bags all over its tongue.  The dog began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The photos are in the bump"  

I was melting in a pale airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a leader of the airport slowly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the airport.  The leader of the airport began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The leader of the airport continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and started crumbling.  The statue began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely pleasant"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and began to yell at me.  The statue whispered "You must look inside"  The statue started to spit out lots of snows.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The statue began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The statue began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with cars everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the dining hall.  A cat showed up and began to grow much larger.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The cat started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I saw a childlike director of the bed with bags all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly drove to a island.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic man with snows coming out of its back.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

I was shaking in a grotesque basement of a bed, and I wasn't concerned.  The basement of a bed suddenly gave me some insects.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to jump over me.  The bed suddenly showed me several bumps.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a dog started shrinking in height.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I said "I want to melt"  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dog began to punch me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The photos are in the dog"  

A statue showed up and began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The statue began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

A man showed up and started crumbling.  The man began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The man began to throw some metal squares at me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow showed up and started to spit out lots of snows.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The scarecrow stated "You must look inside"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the church.  The scarecrow began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The church suddenly whispered "That sucks", and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and said "The photos are in the phone"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and started crumbling.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The statue said "The mice are in the bump"  I don't know why, but I ran to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the beach.  I saw a grotesque scarecrow with bags sticking out of its toes.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The beach suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the beach, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and began to shrink in height.  The dog began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive tin man with ices coming out of its face.  The tin man began to throw some spikes at me.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The pencils are in the pen"  

A statue came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little blue" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I shouted "What's going on?"  The statue began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the house.  The house suddenly whispered "The pencils are in the bag", and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a pale church, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the church.  The church suddenly went to a island.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some fruit.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with phones all over its back.  The person who looked just like me gave me some wooden triangles.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with pencils on its face.  The dinosaur began to punch me.  The dinosaur went to a church.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the dining hall.  I saw a green man with fruit sticking out of its mouth.  The man began to throw some wooden squares at me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a massive beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the beach.  I saw a childlike scarecrow with ices on its face.  The scarecrow began to throw some bugs at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque monster with bags all over its mouth.  The monster showed me several lavas.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow quickly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the church.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so blue?"  

I was melting in a pale airport, and I felt very terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the airport.  I don't know why, but I went to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the airport.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with insects all over its back.  The teacher began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the island.  A dinosaur showed up and began to crumble.  The teacher began to throw some lavas at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the island.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some phones at me, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  The statue started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a church, with a man slowly shrinking in height.  The man began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the church.  The man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a futuristic airport, and I stated "I want to crumble"  The airport suddenly shouted "Why are you so futuristic?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with fires everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the island.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the airport.  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had accomplished something satisfying thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with bugs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  A dog came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the beach.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I saw a enormous dog with phones on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The dog shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a enormous monster with cars on its tongue.  The monster ran to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  I saw a green cat with bugs coming out of its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the classroom.  The monster began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with fruit sticking out of its back.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A cat came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The cat walked to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being scared.  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I saw a red man with dogs sticking out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the classroom.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a tin man began to crumble.  The tin man began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the bed.  I saw a graceful man with bags coming out of its eyes.  The bed suddenly said "The pencils are in the lava"  The man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man said "The glass squares are in the log", and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous man with mice sticking out of its feet.  The man began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I walked to a church.  The church suddenly began to punch me.  The man began to shoot me.  The man began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a island.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the island.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat wildly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the beach.  The island suddenly started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started melting.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The bags are in the cat"  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started shaking.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A monster showed up and started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The fires are in the spike"  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a man stated "The lavas are in the phone"  The bed suddenly ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The house suddenly sprinted to a beach.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the bed.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher absent-mindedly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the bed.  The teacher grew much larger into nothingness.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a statue began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly gave me some insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry for some reason.  I saw a futuristic man with cars all over its legs.  The beach suddenly showed me several fruit.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the beach.  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

A monster appeared and ran to a house.  The monster started crumbling.  The monster stated "The ices are in the phone"  The monster grew much larger into thin air.  

I was shaking in a hideous church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a director of the dining hall wildly growing much larger.  The church suddenly drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the island.  The director of the dining hall continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a director of the dorm started to spit out lots of bumps.  The director of the dorm began to throw some metal squares at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a man carefully crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the island.  The man gave me some lavas.  The director of the dorm continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful teacher with insects coming out of its legs.  The teacher whispered "That sucks"  The teacher began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and stated "The pens are in the bug"  The tin man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The tin man began to jump over me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" thinking this would help.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with fruit everywhere.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the island.  I saw a green dog with bugs all over its mouth.  The dog showed me several dogs.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and sprinted to a beach.  The tin man began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The cars are in the log"  

I saw a massive scarecrow with phones on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little huge" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a grotesque dog with pens sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to yell at me.  The dog began to crumble.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster slowly growing much larger.  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  The classroom suddenly walked to a basement of a house.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur drove to a basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the basement of a bed.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with cats sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow began to throw some insects at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the bed.  The scarecrow began to stand on me.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of spikes, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog drove to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the airport.  I saw a pleasant dinosaur with logs coming out of its face.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a house.  The dog started to spit out lots of insects.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't know why, but I went to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the island.  The man began to throw some cats at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The man grew much larger into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with phones everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the house.  I don't know why, but I went to a dorm.  The house suddenly began to yell at me.  The house suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A monster showed up and began to grow much larger.  The monster walked to a classroom.  The monster gave me some ices.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The monster began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  A man appeared and began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

A teacher appeared and drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the beach.  The teacher began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me slowly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the beach.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The man showed me several bugs.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The man sprinted to a beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a small tin man with phones all over its legs.  The tin man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man started growing much larger.  The man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely childlike"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a house.  The man started melting.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a basement of a basement of a bed.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and gave me some insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of bags.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the island.  A man came out of nowhere and showed me several mice.  The island suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me sprinted to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the airport.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with spikes everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to crumble.  The bed suddenly stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with bugs coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely towering" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me ran to a house.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a red dinosaur with glass squares on its back.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a man slowly shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly showed me several dogs.  The man started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a grotesque monster with cars coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a tin man slowly shaking.  The classroom suddenly ran to a house.  I saw a towering teacher with pens all over its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The monster shook into the ground.  

A dinosaur showed up and started shaking.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is very huge"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster absent-mindedly melting.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the snow" for some reason.  The monster drove to a airport.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the dorm.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red statue with wooden squares on its tongue.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The statue began to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I saw a blue dog with dogs on its arms.  The bed suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to crumble.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the house.  The island suddenly stated "The spikes are in the spike", and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The cat began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the house.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure dog with photos on its eyes.  The dog showed me several bugs.  The dog ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly showed me several spikes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the airport.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a dorm.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The dorm suddenly drove to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a house.  The house suddenly began to throw some pens at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the house.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  The house suddenly began to slap me.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of phones.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a enormous bed, and I said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the bed.  The bed suddenly shouted "Why are you so tiny?"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a basement of a basement of a church.  The church suddenly began to smack me.  The basement of a basement of a church suddenly began to throw some bumps at me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster began to stand on me.  The monster began to throw some spikes at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with phones on its tongue.  The monster stated "Why are you so futuristic?"  The monster began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I was shaking in a enormous dorm, and I said "I want to shake"  The dorm suddenly ran to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the bed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the basement of a house, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the bug" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  The beach suddenly began to jump over me.  I saw a green statue with snows all over its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the beach.  The man drove to a bed.  The man started shaking, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous man with metal squares all over its face.  The man started melting.  The man began to shrink in height.  The man crumbled into the ground.  

A man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of phones.  The man started melting.  The man started shaking.  The man crumbled into thin air.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The cat ran to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the classroom.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly began to slap me.  The cat went to a basement of a beach.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The glass squares are in the fruit"  

I saw a towering cat with metal triangles sticking out of its mouth.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The cat whispered "The dogs are in the ice"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I saw a massive tin man with wooden triangles all over its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the dorm.  The tin man began to slap me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with logs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the basement of a classroom.  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a dog carefully growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the bed.  The basement of a classroom suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A man appeared and walked to a basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The man began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I said "What's going on?"  The man shouted "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the basement of a classroom.  The man melted into the ground.  

I saw a tiny statue with ices all over its tongue.  The statue started crumbling.  The statue began to shrink in height.  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I saw a pale scarecrow with bags sticking out of its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the beach.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The statue shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a tiny dog with lavas on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the island.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly shouted "The lavas are in the pen"  I jolted awake.  

A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some pencils.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the island.  The dog crumbled into the ground.  

A teacher showed up and started crumbling.  The teacher shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I wasn't happy about it.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  A dog appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The ices are in the mouse"  

I saw a obscure monster with cars on its eyes.  The monster sprinted to a airport.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dining hall.  The monster began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The monster started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant cat with glass squares all over its legs.  The cat began to shake.  The cat said "Why are you so grotesque?"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The cat began to shrink in height.  The cat began to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with snows coming out of its toes.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur whispered "Why are you so green?"  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with dogs coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me shook into the ground.  

I saw a green tin man with metal triangles coming out of its tongue.  The tin man showed me several fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a island.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  A man appeared and started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the basement of a basement of a island.  The man ran to a basement of a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with logs on its face.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I felt slightly angry.  The house suddenly began to shake.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The teacher began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a blue person who looked just like me with dogs sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the dorm.  The dinosaur shook into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with dogs everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  I saw a graceful manager of the dining hall with cats coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The manager of the dining hall gave me some wooden triangles.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I saw a bright scarecrow with wooden squares coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to throw some spikes at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a house, with a statue absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The statue began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous teacher with cars coming out of its feet.  The statue said "Why are you so enormous?"  The statue sprinted to a church.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me carefully growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me went to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a massive dog with cars on its face.  The dog shouted "Why are you so massive?"  The dog started crumbling.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The dog began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a scarecrow showed me several snows.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I saw a blue monster with bags all over its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the beach.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of pens.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I was shaking in a grotesque dining hall, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the dining hall.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely pleasant" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man said "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly stated "The mice are in the bug"  A cat showed up and said "The logs are in the bump"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the classroom.  The tin man whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with lavas everywhere.  The classroom suddenly went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the basement of a airport.  The dining hall suddenly began to throw some bumps at me.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and drove to a bed.  The dinosaur gave me some logs.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  The house suddenly gave me some bumps.  The bed suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher gave me some glass triangles.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the airport.  I saw a pale monster with fires all over its tongue.  The airport suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The teacher began to shoot me, but I punched it and ran away.  The monster melted into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant cat with bags coming out of its toes.  The cat began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The island suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The cat crumbled into the ground.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with cats everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the island.  I saw a towering leader of the island with bags on its arms.  The leader of the island began to shake.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a beach.  The basement of a airport suddenly showed me several mice.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the airport.  A scarecrow appeared and said "The metal squares are in the ice"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with metal triangles sticking out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The person who looked just like me showed me several snows.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat grotesque"  The person who looked just like me walked to a airport.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur quickly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I saw a futuristic cat with glass squares on its legs.  The cat started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The pencils are in the lava"  

A scarecrow showed up and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a small dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The ices are in the pencil"  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a beach.  A monster appeared and started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the dining hall.  The monster showed me several phones.  The monster shook into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a dog started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  A dinosaur showed up and showed me several cats.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a red cat with bumps coming out of its back.  The cat began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dorm.  The cat began to take a photo of me.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with pens coming out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of lavas.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The statue started to spit out lots of bags.  The statue began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  The statue ran to a church, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and began to kick me.  The monster began to slap me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass triangles at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge cat with bugs on its mouth.  The cat began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  The cat began to throw some dogs at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a manager of the dining hall wildly shaking.  The manager of the dining hall began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The manager of the dining hall started melting.  The manager of the dining hall grew much larger into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the house.  A man showed up and began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the beach.  The man drove to a basement of a bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge dog with ices coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  A teacher showed up and began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the airport.  The teacher grew much larger into thin air.  

A statue showed up and began to crumble.  The statue began to kick me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The statue showed me several glass triangles.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The statue began to throw some fires at me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  I saw a childlike leader of the dorm with snows on its arms.  The leader of the dorm started shaking.  The leader of the dorm began to slap me, but I shouted at it "This is very massive"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and sprinted to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I whispered "That sucks"  The statue began to throw some insects at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the classroom.  The island suddenly gave me some phones, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and showed me several pencils.  The cat began to kick me.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't worried.  The dorm suddenly gave me some cars.  A man showed up and showed me several snows.  The man began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

I was shaking in a green house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the house.  The house suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with dogs sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some ices at me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I'm melting in a basement of a airport when all of a sudden a tin man started shaking.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to punch me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to stand on me.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I was shaking in a bright classroom, and I wasn't scared.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the classroom.  I saw a tiny statue with fires all over its face.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with cats on its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I shouted "I want to shake"  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  A cat appeared and began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the house.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with snows everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I saw a towering director of the airport with wooden triangles all over its tongue.  The airport suddenly stated "Why are you so towering?"  The director of the airport began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of pencils.  The tin man gave me some bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a tin man started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the island.  The island suddenly gave me some photos.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt slightly anxious.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the island.  The island suddenly showed me several bugs.  The island suddenly showed me several glass squares, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scarecrow drove to a bed.  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue quickly crumbling.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  The scarecrow started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the bed, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog gave me some bags.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Why are you so graceful?"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a island.  The dog began to punch me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The dog walked to a basement of a house.  The dog shook into thin air.  

A dinosaur showed up and said "The pens are in the car"  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly went to a basement of a dining hall.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and started to spit out lots of snows.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I threw some bumps at it and ran away.  The teacher began to punch me, but I yelled at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and started to spit out lots of logs.  The monster began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The monster started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dining hall.  The tin man began to throw some spikes at me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the dining hall.  The tin man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of phones.  The monster began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a church.  The monster began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the church.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with pencils all over its eyes.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass triangles at me.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a airport.  The dinosaur whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The monster began to grab me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and sprinted to a airport.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a house.  The statue began to melt.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the house.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A tin man appeared and gave me some bumps.  The tin man began to throw some cars at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I don't know why, but I walked to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the beach.  The tin man crumbled into thin air.  

I was crumbling in a red basement of a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly went to a dorm.  I saw a towering statue with glass triangles coming out of its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the dining hall.  The statue began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a scarecrow gave me some pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the beach.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with dogs on its toes.  The dinosaur sprinted to a classroom.  The dinosaur whispered "That sucks"  The scene changed to a church, with a monster slowly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the church.  I saw a huge statue with bumps sticking out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the church.  The monster began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with lavas everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to kick me.  I saw a pleasant teacher with cars sticking out of its tongue.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry, and I smiled.  

I saw a small tin man with mice coming out of its back.  The tin man sprinted to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the church.  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher slowly melting.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and gave me some cats.  The tin man started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very red" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I saw a bright dog with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The bed suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  The basement of a bed suddenly gave me some pens.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the basement of a bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering teacher with wooden squares sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the basement of a church.  I saw a blue monster with photos sticking out of its mouth.  The monster started shaking.  The monster started to spit out lots of ices.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a dinosaur started to spit out lots of bugs.  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is somewhat graceful" thinking this would help.  I saw a huge cat with pens sticking out of its back.  The cat whispered "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a house.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The house suddenly walked to a beach.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and showed me several fires.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The monster said "That sucks"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me carefully shaking.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me drove to a house.  The house suddenly shouted "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a futuristic airport, and I began to melt.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the dorm.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the airport, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a tin man began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a island, with a statue absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the church, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a obscure bed, and I said "I want to grow much larger"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly gave me some bumps.  A monster came out of nowhere and gave me some wooden squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?" for some reason.  The monster began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a man started shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't concerned.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The beach suddenly began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and started to spit out lots of cars.  The cat walked to a church.  The church suddenly ran to a bed.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a beach.  The cat whispered "The pencils are in the spike"  The cat drove to a classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a dog began to punch me.  The beach suddenly showed me several cars.  The dog began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scarecrow started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue scarecrow with insects sticking out of its back.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The pencils are in the mouse"  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with pencils on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dinosaur shouted "The lavas are in the bump"  I don't know why, but I went to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the airport.  I saw a huge cat with fruit all over its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the airport.  The dinosaur said "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a massive classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a house, with a teacher quickly crumbling.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the house.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a man began to grab me.  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly stated "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The man began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and began to stand on me.  The cat began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the snow" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I went to a dorm.  The cat walked to a basement of a beach.  The cat began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with pens sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to melt.  The dinosaur began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with cars everywhere.  The house suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the house.  I saw a blue dinosaur with cats coming out of its back.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The house suddenly walked to a basement of a dorm, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster quickly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the church.  I saw a red tin man with lavas coming out of its mouth.  The church suddenly walked to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the dining hall.  The statue shook into thin air.  

I saw a tiny cat with spikes on its tongue.  The cat gave me some photos.  The cat began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the classroom.  I saw a childlike monster with pencils coming out of its back.  The classroom suddenly began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the pen" thinking this would help.  The cat began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and started shaking.  The statue whispered "The bumps are in the insect"  The statue began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the island.  The statue began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the island, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some logs at me.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

A man showed up and began to sing to me.  The man began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The man began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The man began to shake, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and said "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  I saw a towering man with pencils on its tongue.  The man began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the bed.  The house suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The bed suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow showed up and walked to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the church.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque beach, and I stopped being afraid.  The beach suddenly stated "That sucks"  The beach suddenly started melting.  A monster showed up and began to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the beach.  The monster went to a dining hall.  The monster crumbled into nothingness.  

I was shrinking in height in a green island, and I said "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the island.  I saw a graceful tin man with fires all over its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the island.  The tin man began to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with wooden triangles everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The metal triangles are in the dog" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I said "Who are you?"  The island suddenly ran to a bed.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with bags all over its tongue.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The tin man said "The mice are in the cat"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

A dinosaur showed up and started to spit out lots of dogs.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The tin man began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The tin man showed me several metal triangles.  I saw a hideous man with phones on its back.  The man started melting.  The tin man began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the island, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange bed with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the bed.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a island.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  The basement of a bed suddenly stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the basement of a bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge dinosaur with logs on its legs.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I said "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a graceful basement of a classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had done something helpful thinking this would help.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a cat walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  The cat started to spit out lots of lavas.  A scarecrow showed up and went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the dorm.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a dog began to melt.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dog began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  A scarecrow appeared and drove to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the bed.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster started melting.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being worried.  The monster started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous teacher with lavas on its feet.  The teacher began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The teacher began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with ices sticking out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a tin man wildly growing much larger.  The classroom suddenly stated "The bumps are in the wooden square"  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The insects are in the dog"  

A teacher appeared and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The teacher began to melt.  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a monster quickly shrinking in height.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the basement of a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and walked to a dorm.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The bugs are in the fire"  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange basement of a dining hall with ices everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the dining hall.  A scarecrow appeared and ran to a house.  The scarecrow said "You must look inside"  The house suddenly stated "Why are you so pale?"  The scarecrow grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with insects on its back.  The dinosaur drove to a basement of a bed.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a basement of a island.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is very pale"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the basement of a bed.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with lavas everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the airport.  The airport suddenly went to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue statue with spikes sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The statue started to spit out lots of dogs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the house.  The house suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the bed.  The church suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I saw a bright monster with dogs sticking out of its face.  The monster began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The monster began to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a airport.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the dining hall.  I saw a graceful dog with insects sticking out of its arms.  The dog began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a pale beach, and I felt a little anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the beach.  I saw a childlike man with fires sticking out of its feet.  The man showed me several spikes.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The man melted into the ground.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a statue sprinted to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the bed.  The statue began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  The statue began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant dog with logs all over its back.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The monster started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange bed with ices everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The basement of a bed suddenly went to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat absent-mindedly crumbling.  The cat began to punch me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The basement of a bed suddenly ran to a beach.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a house, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a church.  The island suddenly showed me several fruit.  The church suddenly said "That sucks"  I saw a small statue with insects sticking out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the church.  The church suddenly stated "The cars are in the pen"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the dining hall.  A dinosaur appeared and began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a house.  The dinosaur shouted "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with insects everywhere.  The church suddenly showed me several logs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being concerned.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The church suddenly began to shake.  The beach suddenly whispered "Why are you so hideous?", and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a green bed, and I felt slightly like I had done something terrible.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with glass squares on its tongue.  The scarecrow stated "Why are you so grotesque?"  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The scarecrow walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly said "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a tin man began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the lava" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with fruit coming out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

I was growing much larger in a huge island, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The island suddenly went to a basement of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The statue gave me some bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  A teacher came out of nowhere and sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the house.  The house suddenly gave me some ices.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a man began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the church.  The church suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass squares at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large person who looked just like me with phones coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the bed.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a man started melting.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  A cat appeared and began to stand on me.  The man began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a basement of a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a classroom.  The basement of a house suddenly stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the basement of a basement of a house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "The photos are in the bug"  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The basement of a house suddenly began to melt.  The classroom suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and gave me some mice.  The cat whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The cat started to spit out lots of phones.  The scene changed to a house, with a scarecrow wildly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the house.  The house suddenly began to jump over me.  The cat melted into nothingness.  

A statue appeared and said "You must look inside"  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me quickly shaking.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a bright dorm, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the dorm.  I saw a grotesque scarecrow with insects sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of mice.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with bumps on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to throw some cars at me.  I saw a bright tin man with pencils coming out of its eyes.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The tin man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange island with lavas everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the island.  The basement of a island suddenly began to crumble.  A manager of the basement of a island showed up and went to a dining hall.  The manager of the basement of a island began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the dining hall.  The manager of the basement of a island shook into nothingness.  

A statue appeared and began to melt.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the beach.  The person who looked just like me whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of bumps, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with dogs sticking out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me shouted "The bumps are in the glass triangle"  The person who looked just like me said "The wooden squares are in the photo"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue dog with ices coming out of its eyes.  The dog began to smack me.  The dog began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a scarecrow carefully shaking.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dog showed me several bags.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale monster with fruit all over its legs.  The monster began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely green"  The monster began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the island.  The person who looked just like me ran to a airport.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and drove to a island.  The man said "That sucks"  The island suddenly went to a house.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being scared.  The house suddenly said "That sucks"  A dog showed up and stated "The spikes are in the glass square"  The house suddenly started crumbling.  The dog began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The cats are in the pencil"  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a tin man started crumbling.  The tin man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the airport.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous monster with spikes all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  The monster began to kick me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and went to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the basement of a house.  The statue began to melt.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and started to spit out lots of pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The man began to throw some insects at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dining hall.  The man began to throw some mice at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  A scarecrow showed up and started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  The man started crumbling.  The scarecrow whispered "You must look inside"  The man crumbled into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with phones everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very pleasant" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the ice" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is extremely grotesque" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a classroom.  The dinosaur started melting.  I saw a grotesque monster with bumps all over its tongue.  The monster began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and ran to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a obscure church, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the church.  A man appeared and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The church suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The man started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster appeared and began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The monster began to throw some pencils at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the beach.  The beach suddenly stated "The spikes are in the insect"  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the bed.  A dog appeared and began to punch me.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog stated "Why are you so obscure?"  The dog shrunk in height into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started shaking.  The man began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the classroom.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat started melting.  The cat sprinted to a basement of a bed.  The cat said "Hey man, it happens"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly went to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog walked to a bed.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several wooden squares.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a leader of the classroom carefully shaking.  The leader of the classroom began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and began to melt.  The cat started growing much larger.  The cat began to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pleasant dog with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to jump over me.  The dog said "You must look inside"  The dog crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a large dog with logs all over its mouth.  The dog started to spit out lots of cats.  The dog began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I shouted "This is somewhat small"  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with spikes sticking out of its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the airport.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike tin man with fruit on its face.  The tin man started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the church.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the church, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a basement of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The house suddenly ran to a basement of a beach.  A statue showed up and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the basement of a house.  The statue crumbled into thin air.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly showed me several lavas.  The dorm suddenly ran to a basement of a church.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The basement of a church suddenly gave me some mice.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure tin man with cars all over its eyes.  The tin man showed me several wooden squares.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge tin man with bugs on its tongue.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the church.  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with bags on its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the church.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bumps everywhere.  The church suddenly walked to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dinosaur carefully shrinking in height.  The church suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the church.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a statue showed me several ices.  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster absent-mindedly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was crumbling in a pleasant dining hall, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly like I had done something great thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The scene changed to a church, with a dog wildly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the dining hall.  The dog walked to a beach.  The dog crumbled into thin air.  

I was melting in a childlike dining hall, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a beach.  I saw a grotesque cat with insects coming out of its arms.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat began to kick me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a dog began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dog began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dog showed me several ices.  The dog melted into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange basement of a house on top of a basement of a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a house suddenly gave me some cats.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I don't know why, but I ran to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the church.  The house suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and began to melt.  The tin man ran to a airport.  The tin man began to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a huge airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I saw a blue teacher with logs sticking out of its tongue.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The teacher showed me several ices.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a house.  The island suddenly started melting.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with pencils everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and showed me several metal triangles.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly walked to a airport, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The scene changed to a airport, with a scarecrow slowly shaking.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and ran to a church.  The church suddenly sprinted to a airport.  The man started shrinking in height.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  The man went to a classroom.  I saw a large tin man with dogs sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "This is very childlike"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the house.  The man shook into thin air.  

A dog showed up and started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large scarecrow with lavas on its toes.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I said "I want to grow much larger"  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the bed.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and shouted "The phones are in the glass square"  The man showed me several bumps.  The man began to yell at me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of insects.  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The teacher went to a bed.  The teacher melted into the ground.  

A monster appeared and drove to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the house.  The monster began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur sprinted to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow said "That sucks"  The scarecrow sprinted to a dorm.  The scarecrow drove to a airport.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a beach.  The beach suddenly began to throw some cats at me.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  A person who looked just like me showed up and started shaking.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with snows everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  The dinosaur went to a bed.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the beach.  A statue appeared and sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the beach.  The scarecrow ran to a bed.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The monster started growing much larger.  The monster began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shake.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some mice at me.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The spikes are in the lava"  

I was shaking in a pleasant basement of a beach, and I shouted "This is extremely bright"  The beach suddenly went to a island.  The island suddenly ran to a dorm.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The beach suddenly began to shoot me.  The dorm suddenly drove to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the dorm.  I don't know why, but I ran to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the basement of a house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The tin man began to crumble.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic man with mice sticking out of its tongue.  The man sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly stated "The phones are in the pencil"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the dorm.  I saw a pale teacher with pens coming out of its mouth.  The man ran to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge statue with fruit coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The statue gave me some insects.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with dogs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the house.  I saw a huge monster with bugs all over its toes.  The house suddenly started shaking.  The house suddenly drove to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started melting.  The person who looked just like me said "The fruit are in the lava"  The classroom suddenly stated "The ices are in the pen"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The person who looked just like me shouted "The spikes are in the bag"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so massive?"  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with pencils everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with snows on its arms.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with glass triangles everywhere.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the dorm.  I saw a enormous dog with photos sticking out of its tongue.  The dog started growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly gave me some lavas.  The dog crumbled into thin air.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with cats everywhere.  The beach suddenly gave me some lavas.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a manager of the classroom absent-mindedly melting.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The manager of the classroom shook into the ground.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with fruit everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious thinking this would help.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  A statue showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  The statue began to throw some cats at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The statue began to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a large beach, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant man with ices coming out of its feet.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The man crumbled into thin air.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow walked to a island.  The scarecrow shouted "The spikes are in the lava"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly ran to a church.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog began to punch me.  The dog began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dining hall suddenly said "That sucks"  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur carefully melting.  The dining hall suddenly went to a airport.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dinosaur shook into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a beach.  The beach suddenly drove to a island.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some phones.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the island.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The island suddenly gave me some spikes, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a huge dorm, and I wasn't concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the dorm.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a small airport, and I wasn't scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I saw a towering scarecrow with cars sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The scarecrow began to throw some insects at me, but I threw some snows at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher began to shoot me.  The teacher began to throw some cats at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the bed.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a manager of the bed quickly melting.  The teacher began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with spikes sticking out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me whispered "The fruit are in the cat"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The metal squares are in the mouse"  

I was growing much larger in a graceful church, and I felt a little content.  The church suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow started to spit out lots of bumps.  The scarecrow sprinted to a bed.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The scarecrow began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow shook into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me whispered "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a teacher started to spit out lots of ices.  The teacher began to shoot me.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  The teacher began to crumble.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale dog with ices coming out of its eyes.  The dog began to throw some cars at me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something great.  The dog gave me some photos.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shrinking in height in a massive bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the bed.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a house.  The statue began to melt.  The statue began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to throw some pens at me.  The dinosaur began to throw some ices at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur began to stand on me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog carefully shaking.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of logs.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to throw some mice at me.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur sprinted to a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt a little relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the island.  I saw a massive cat with bugs all over its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with cars sticking out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The dog started shaking.  The dog began to shoot me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The dog began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the dining hall.  I saw a towering person who looked just like me with fruit coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive beach, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to throw some ices at me.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a director of the church absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the basement of a church.  The director of the church stated "Why are you so tiny?"  The director of the church began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a cat shouted "The fires are in the cat"  The cat gave me some logs.  The cat began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  A dinosaur appeared and went to a island.  The cat began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright cat with mice sticking out of its back.  The cat began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The cat started melting.  The bed suddenly went to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The dinosaur ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to throw some pencils at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic dog with wooden squares sticking out of its eyes.  The dog started growing much larger.  The dog began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely pleasant"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a tin man quickly shrinking in height.  The dog began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge statue with dogs on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The statue gave me some phones.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a pale bed, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I shouted "I want to melt"  The dorm suddenly said "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large man with mice all over its legs.  The man began to grab me, but I threw some logs at it and ran away.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to grow much larger.  The man began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a pleasant dining hall, and I felt strangely relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  A man appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The man began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the dining hall.  The man melted into nothingness.  

I saw a tiny cat with insects sticking out of its mouth.  The cat began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the beach.  The cat began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and began to stand on me.  The statue began to grab me.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering cat with fruit on its arms.  The cat drove to a basement of a bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to melt.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the house.  A statue showed up and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the house.  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the airport.  A cat appeared and gave me some bugs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the church.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange basement of a house with mice everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The house suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the basement of a house, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to throw some ices at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the house.  The house suddenly began to throw some lavas at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  The bed suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I whispered "I want to shrink in height"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fires are in the bump" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny teacher with photos coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "This is very pleasant"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The fruit are in the bag"  

I saw a grotesque cat with fruit all over its face.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The cat began to crumble.  The scene changed to a beach, with a monster absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The monster began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I saw a childlike tin man with lavas on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the bump" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with wooden triangles all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "The pens are in the spike"  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the beach.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into the ground.  

I was melting in a pale dorm, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  A man appeared and gave me some logs.  The dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  The man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale monster with bugs sticking out of its toes.  The monster gave me some snows.  The monster began to punch me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The monster began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The monster shook into the ground.  

I saw a childlike dog with phones all over its face.  The dog started melting.  The dog started crumbling.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the island.  A tin man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the island.  The dog melted into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me drove to a bed.  The person who looked just like me gave me some snows.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and showed me several bugs.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some cars at me.  A director of the beach came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the beach, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a manager of the airport started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I saw a blue cat with mice coming out of its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the airport.  The manager of the airport began to melt.  The cat walked to a bed, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly walked to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the classroom.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a island, with a dog quickly crumbling.  The dog started growing much larger.  The dog stated "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and began to grow much larger.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the house.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a beach, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shaking.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  The scarecrow began to throw some insects at me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely hideous"  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The bumps are in the phone"  

A monster appeared and gave me some bumps.  The monster began to slap me.  The monster began to melt.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a house.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

A man came out of nowhere and walked to a church.  The church suddenly gave me some bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the church.  The man started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a pleasant beach, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the beach.  A person who looked just like me appeared and walked to a basement of a classroom.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and started melting.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat began to shoot me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a statue stated "The fires are in the snow"  The house suddenly began to shake.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a airport.  The house suddenly began to yell at me.  The house suddenly began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stated "That sucks"  The monster started shaking.  The dining hall suddenly said "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with insects all over its arms.  The scarecrow ran to a dorm.  The scarecrow said "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man quickly shaking.  The man began to throw some pencils at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so bright?"  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with phones everywhere.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  The church suddenly ran to a dorm.  I saw a pale tin man with snows all over its tongue.  The tin man began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a grotesque dining hall, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The house suddenly said "The cars are in the bug"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the dining hall.  A dinosaur appeared and stated "The photos are in the spike"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dinosaur crumbled into thin air.  

I was growing much larger in a childlike airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The airport suddenly gave me some metal triangles.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bags.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the airport.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is extremely red" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I saw a graceful cat with cats sticking out of its mouth.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to melt.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me showed me several pens.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a beach.  The person who looked just like me walked to a dining hall.  A cat showed up and started growing much larger.  The cat said "The wooden triangles are in the log"  The beach suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with logs coming out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the photo" for some reason.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with fires coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with ices everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some insects.  I saw a graceful monster with bags coming out of its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a tiny dorm, and I stopped being scared.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the dorm.  I saw a pale dinosaur with cats all over its tongue.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a small monster with cats coming out of its tongue.  The monster started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I began to melt.  The monster showed me several bags.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the church.  The monster shook into the ground.  

I saw a tiny tin man with spikes on its mouth.  The tin man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "This is very blue"  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a director of the church carefully shrinking in height.  The church suddenly started shaking.  I saw a futuristic cat with pens on its legs.  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?" thinking this would help.  The cat began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a futuristic beach, and I wasn't concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly sprinted to a airport.  The island suddenly stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little pleasant" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  The teacher melted into thin air.  

A tin man showed up and walked to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the bed.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a airport, with a scarecrow wildly shaking.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man ran to a church.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a house.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a classroom.  The dining hall suddenly began to jump over me.  The tin man began to throw some mice at me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The bugs are in the metal square"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  I don't know why, but I went to a bed.  The bed suddenly whispered "The mice are in the photo"  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the dining hall.  I saw a bright man with bugs coming out of its eyes.  The man began to grab me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The bed suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with cars everywhere.  The classroom suddenly walked to a basement of a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the basement of a basement of a airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the island.  The basement of a airport suddenly shouted "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a manager of the dorm showed me several cars.  The manager of the dorm drove to a bed.  The manager of the dorm began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I saw a green monster with metal triangles on its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the bed.  The tin man started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the dorm saying "The lavas are in the lava"  

I saw a towering dog with cats coming out of its eyes.  The dog showed me several lavas.  The dog shouted "You must look inside"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike dog with logs all over its back.  The dog shouted "You must look inside"  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to melt.  The dog started melting.  The dog began to throw some bags at me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

I saw a towering statue with bugs coming out of its eyes.  The statue started to spit out lots of cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very blue" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I was shaking in a green dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The wooden triangles are in the dog"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the dining hall.  I saw a tiny statue with wooden squares on its arms.  The statue started crumbling.  The statue began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The statue shook into thin air.  

A tin man showed up and sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely massive" for some reason.  The tin man stated "The mice are in the fire"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started melting.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The scarecrow began to throw some cats at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  A tin man came out of nowhere and went to a airport.  The tin man began to shake.  The house suddenly began to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a huge island, and I felt very relaxed.  The island suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly started melting.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The island suddenly showed me several dogs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the island.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of mice, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with cars coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and walked to a classroom.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the classroom.  The tin man shook into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dorm.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the airport.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright teacher with fruit on its arms.  The teacher showed me several bugs.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  A dinosaur appeared and said "That sucks"  The teacher started to spit out lots of cars.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and began to crumble.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The statue ran to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt strangely anxious.  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I saw a graceful leader of the church with pens sticking out of its back.  The airport suddenly began to yell at me.  The leader of the church began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The leader of the church continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny teacher with logs sticking out of its mouth.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The teacher began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a large dorm, and I stated "I want to melt"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the dorm.  A tin man appeared and showed me several snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the dorm.  The tin man began to throw some glass squares at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The tin man grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a red statue with metal squares sticking out of its tongue.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The statue showed me several bags.  I don't know why, but I ran to a basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly drove to a basement of a dorm.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  The statue crumbled into nothingness.  

A dog appeared and drove to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The statue began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with photos everywhere.  The airport suddenly drove to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The man began to smack me, but I threw some phones at it and ran away.  The man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  I saw a bright cat with lavas sticking out of its back.  The man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The cat began to sing to me.  The man shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was crumbling in a tiny airport, and I wasn't worried.  The airport suddenly began to yell at me.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the classroom.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a green tin man with pencils on its legs.  The tin man began to crumble.  The tin man began to jump over me.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The tin man started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with photos all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me showed me several lavas.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so huge?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being concerned.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue dog with fruit sticking out of its back.  The dog showed me several spikes.  The dog began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is a little massive"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I wasn't scared.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly stated "Why are you so massive?"  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started melting.  The monster began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is a little large"  The monster went to a beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a island.  I saw a futuristic manager of the dining hall with spikes coming out of its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the dining hall.  The manager of the dining hall began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat small"  The monster grew much larger into the ground.  

A monster came out of nowhere and drove to a church.  The monster ran to a dorm.  The monster began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "This is a little towering"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The monster began to shake.  I saw a pale dinosaur with spikes sticking out of its eyes.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly said "You must look inside"  The dinosaur shook into the ground.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of cats.  The tin man began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green dog with snows coming out of its toes.  The dog shouted "The insects are in the bag"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a statue quickly growing much larger.  The statue began to jump over me.  A scarecrow appeared and showed me several photos.  The house suddenly shouted "Why are you so childlike?"  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a massive airport, and I began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the log" for some reason.  The airport suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A teacher came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a green basement of a church, and I said "I want to crumble"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the basement of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the basement of a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The bed suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The tin man went to a island.  The tin man stated "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

A dinosaur appeared and stated "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The dinosaur stated "The fruit are in the bug"  I don't know why, but I ran to a airport.  The dinosaur began to kick me.  The dinosaur walked to a beach.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the church.  A statue appeared and started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the church.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pale dog with lavas coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dog began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with ices on its mouth.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The scarecrow said "Why are you so massive?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly ran to a beach.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I was shrinking in height in a hideous classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly showed me several bugs.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The classroom suddenly shouted "The dogs are in the snow"  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a tin man began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a obscure scarecrow with cars all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the airport.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the house.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a classroom.  The island suddenly ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly showed me several wooden squares.  The classroom suddenly began to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and started shaking.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue cat with phones sticking out of its mouth.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat showed me several logs.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a church.  The cat began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with spikes everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the beach.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a church.  The beach suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The church suddenly began to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

I saw a small statue with lavas sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  The statue began to throw some pens at me.  The statue grew much larger into the ground.  

I was melting in a futuristic church, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the church.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a hideous dog with fruit coming out of its legs.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dog began to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some pens.  The dog started to spit out lots of snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The dog started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a obscure house, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the photo"  The house suddenly whispered "Why are you so obscure?"  The house suddenly began to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the house.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The man began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely pleasant"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat wildly shaking.  The cat began to throw some ices at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The airport suddenly began to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with dogs all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man started to spit out lots of dogs.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the house.  The house suddenly began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and began to stand on me.  The cat began to sing to me.  The cat stated "That sucks"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the church.  I saw a green man with dogs sticking out of its tongue.  The church suddenly ran to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I was shrinking in height in a pleasant island, and I began to shrink in height.  The island suddenly began to kick me.  The island suddenly stated "Why are you so pleasant?"  I saw a futuristic dog with cats on its face.  The dog ran to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a green basement of a bed, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The basement of a bed suddenly showed me several dogs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the bed.  I saw a grotesque monster with fires all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly like I had accomplished something terrible for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little pale" for some reason.  The man began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a person who looked just like me wildly shrinking in height.  The basement of a airport suddenly shouted "Why are you so hideous?"  A statue showed up and started crumbling.  The man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a hideous dining hall, and I wasn't worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with pens all over its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of mice.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The logs are in the pencil"  

I saw a hideous statue with fruit on its eyes.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the dorm.  I saw a huge director of the dorm with logs sticking out of its mouth.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The director of the dorm shook into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with logs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly drove to a airport.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a tin man quickly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the dorm.  The tin man began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scarecrow showed me several phones.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant man with fires coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is somewhat enormous" thinking this would help.  The man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The man started shrinking in height.  I saw a tiny leader of the dorm with bugs sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very terrified thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly said "That sucks"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with cats everywhere.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the classroom.  A scarecrow showed up and gave me some glass triangles.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  The scarecrow began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and began to punch me.  The statue began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the beach.  A dog showed up and began to grow much larger.  The dog drove to a basement of a dining hall.  The statue began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dog began to grab me, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and began to punch me.  The cat began to kick me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat huge"  The cat began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The cat shook into the ground.  

A tin man appeared and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The tin man shouted "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I felt a little furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  I saw a huge dinosaur with bags on its eyes.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a leader of the dining hall began to grow much larger.  The leader of the dining hall whispered "That sucks"  The leader of the dining hall began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man carefully shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the dining hall.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red dog with bumps sticking out of its legs.  The dog began to jump over me.  The dog began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

My family and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange basement of a bed with fires everywhere.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being worried.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a basement of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The tin man began to smack me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several fruit.  I saw a pleasant scarecrow with fires sticking out of its toes.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The tin man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat huge"  The scarecrow shook into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the church.  A monster appeared and began to sing to me.  The monster began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The church suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful statue with wooden triangles coming out of its toes.  The statue started melting.  The statue began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a dog carefully shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the church.  The dog began to smack me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dog shook into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a cat began to shrink in height.  The cat began to grab me.  The cat showed me several dogs.  I saw a small monster with spikes on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a futuristic bed, and I felt very worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the bed.  I saw a towering monster with insects all over its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive statue with bugs all over its tongue.  The statue began to melt.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the classroom.  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

A dinosaur showed up and walked to a church.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the church.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the church.  The dinosaur crumbled into the ground.  

A dinosaur appeared and walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The dinosaur began to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dinosaur shook into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive dining hall, and I whispered "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the spike" for some reason.  A monster appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a beach.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the beach.  The scene changed to a island, with a monster wildly shaking.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The island suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and began to grab me.  The statue began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dining hall.  The statue began to crumble.  I saw a green tin man with bugs coming out of its eyes.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue tin man with fires all over its feet.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The tin man began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a director of the church wildly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the church.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The church suddenly began to throw some insects at me.  The director of the church went to a classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and showed me several pens.  The monster began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  The monster began to crumble.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with lavas all over its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bumps at me, but I shot it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "The glass triangles are in the metal triangle"  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some ices at me.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The statue started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the church.  The statue began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and gave me some cars.  The teacher started shaking.  The teacher began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the basement of a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale teacher with cars on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with logs sticking out of its eyes.  The scarecrow stated "Why are you so massive?"  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being concerned.  The dorm suddenly went to a island.  The scarecrow began to throw some fires at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I yelled at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange basement of a house with pencils everywhere.  The house suddenly started shaking.  The basement of a house suddenly stated "That sucks"  A leader of the basement of a house appeared and began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the house.  The basement of a house suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The leader of the basement of a house continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the classroom.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  The tin man began to throw some wooden squares at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The dog drove to a house.  The dog began to throw some pencils at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to melt.  The person who looked just like me showed me several pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The scene changed to a airport, with a man wildly melting.  The man began to crumble.  A manager of the airport appeared and gave me some pens.  The manager of the airport began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a tiny dorm, and I began to melt.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  The dorm suddenly gave me some logs.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly said "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and gave me some snows.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The cat began to shrink in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the bed.  A director of the bed came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The bed suddenly showed me several fires.  The cat began to shake.  The cat melted into thin air.  

A dog showed up and stated "That sucks"  The dog began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The dog said "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a airport.  The dog began to yell at me.  A teacher showed up and began to crumble.  The dog shouted "The pens are in the log"  The airport suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The teacher said "The lavas are in the pen", and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny statue with lavas sticking out of its face.  The statue began to slap me.  The statue said "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  A cat appeared and drove to a basement of a airport.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a airport.  The bed suddenly gave me some photos.  The bed suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a island.  The bed suddenly showed me several ices.  The bed suddenly walked to a basement of a dining hall.  The island suddenly shouted "That sucks", and I smiled.  

A man appeared and started to spit out lots of cars.  The man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The man began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The man began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and showed me several bugs.  The statue began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The statue ran to a dorm.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly melting.  The statue began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely graceful"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A monster appeared and started melting.  The monster began to punch me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The monster began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly drove to a church.  The monster grew much larger into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog stated "The fruit are in the pencil"  The dog began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the dorm.  I saw a pale leader of the dorm with dogs sticking out of its back.  The leader of the dorm began to crumble.  The dorm suddenly ran to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a monster started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a man began to sing to me.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The man began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The teacher started shaking.  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous cat with cats all over its feet.  The cat drove to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the church.  A statue showed up and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The cat shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a teacher shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the church.  The teacher began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a towering church, and I heard a voice say "The phones are in the spike"  The church suddenly drove to a island.  The island suddenly started shaking.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and showed me several photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little green" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a tin man began to stand on me.  The house suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A dog showed up and began to punch me.  The basement of a house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dog began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with bumps all over its feet.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a dog started to spit out lots of pens.  The island suddenly showed me several metal triangles.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I saw a bright teacher with fruit all over its back.  The island suddenly said "You must look inside"  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The bumps are in the phone"  

I was growing much larger in a enormous dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly showed me several phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I saw a pleasant manager of the dining hall with logs all over its toes.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some cats.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The man began to shrink in height.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man grew much larger into thin air.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with snows everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?" thinking this would help.  I saw a pale monster with bumps coming out of its back.  The church suddenly drove to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the church.  The monster walked to a classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful teacher with phones all over its feet.  The teacher began to stand on me.  The teacher gave me some pencils.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the beach.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a large house, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?"  The house suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to kick me.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and began to grow much larger.  The dog drove to a basement of a basement of a classroom.  The basement of a basement of a classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt very angry.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the beach.  A man showed up and started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the beach.  The man showed me several dogs.  The man ran to a dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with glass squares sticking out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me shouted "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with spikes all over its tongue.  The scarecrow stated "Why are you so massive?"  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red cat with metal triangles coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the glass square" for some reason.  A leader of the house appeared and began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the house.  The leader of the house continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and gave me some pencils.  The scarecrow said "You must look inside"  The scarecrow said "Hey man, it happens"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The scarecrow drove to a bed.  A manager of the island came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the bed.  The manager of the island whispered "The dogs are in the metal square"  The scarecrow sprinted to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a small tin man with cats all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The tin man whispered "Why are you so tiny?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the church.  I saw a enormous teacher with logs sticking out of its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the church.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and began to kick me.  The monster walked to a dining hall.  The monster went to a island.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue carefully melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with ices everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the island.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a small classroom, and I shouted "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the classroom.  I saw a red dog with lavas sticking out of its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the classroom.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and began to kick me.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The teacher stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I saw a childlike tin man with bugs all over its mouth.  The tin man started to spit out lots of spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I went to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with dogs on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little anxious for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some ices at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  A cat appeared and stated "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the airport.  The cat went to a basement of a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the house.  I saw a massive teacher with lavas coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The teacher gave me some bumps.  The teacher walked to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous tin man with mice on its tongue.  The tin man began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very huge" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat appeared and began to shake.  The cat began to slap me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small man with fires coming out of its face.  The man started to spit out lots of phones.  The man began to take a photo of me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the dorm.  The man started growing much larger.  The man whispered "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a dinosaur sprinted to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dinosaur melted into thin air.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat started to spit out lots of glass squares.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The cat started growing much larger.  The cat began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale dinosaur with cars on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a beach.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the house.  The scene changed to a church, with a director of the beach slowly melting.  The director of the beach began to grow much larger.  The director of the beach began to sing to me.  The director of the beach shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the island.  A scarecrow showed up and gave me some dogs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the basement of a island.  The person who looked just like me showed me several phones.  The island suddenly sprinted to a basement of a bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous man with fruit on its mouth.  The man started melting.  The man walked to a airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I wasn't concerned.  The man began to sing to me.  A tin man appeared and started crumbling.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful tin man with bugs all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content thinking this would help.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the beach.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so graceful?"  

A monster appeared and started growing much larger.  The monster began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The monster started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt strangely relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the beach.  A dog came out of nowhere and ran to a airport.  The dog began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a bright beach, and I shouted "I want to melt"  The house suddenly began to kick me.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  The scene changed to a church, with a dog slowly growing much larger.  The beach suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the church.  The dog showed me several bags, and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dog began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat green"  The dog ran to a basement of a beach.  The dog grew much larger into nothingness.  

I was shrinking in height in a green island, and I wasn't happy about it.  The island suddenly started shaking.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  I saw a childlike dog with mice all over its legs.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The island suddenly ran to a house.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the lava"  The dinosaur stated "Why are you so towering?"  A man showed up and began to melt.  The man started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with dogs everywhere.  The church suddenly showed me several cars.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the church.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow quickly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the church.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so blue?"  

I saw a tiny monster with pencils on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The monster ran to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green dinosaur with glass triangles coming out of its eyes.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur showed me several fires.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the basement of a classroom.  A man showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The man began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the basement of a classroom.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with logs on its tongue.  The scarecrow drove to a dining hall.  The scarecrow walked to a basement of a basement of a church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green man with lavas all over its legs.  The man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "This is very childlike"  The man began to melt.  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man quickly shrinking in height.  The tin man began to shake.  The man began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The man began to smack me, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue man with snows all over its eyes.  The man started growing much larger.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a manager of the dorm quickly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the dorm.  I saw a graceful dinosaur with bags sticking out of its back.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  The manager of the dorm started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dorm.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly ran to a airport.  A dog showed up and shouted "The phones are in the cat"  The dog began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with fires on its face.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  A man appeared and went to a house.  The house suddenly said "The glass squares are in the car"  The man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow went to a bed.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the airport.  The cat showed me several mice.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The phones are in the fire"  

A scarecrow appeared and began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt a little angry.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a hideous dinosaur with fruit all over its toes.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow whispered "Why are you so hideous?"  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful church, and I said "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the lava" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a classroom, and I shouted "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with bags all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  A tin man appeared and said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and began to sing to me.  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Why are you so grotesque?", and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with logs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the island.  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a teacher wildly crumbling.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The teacher crumbled into the ground.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue showed me several ices.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the island.  I saw a huge man with cars coming out of its face.  The man started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had done something helpful thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a small airport, and I wasn't afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The airport suddenly began to throw some fruit at me.  The classroom suddenly gave me some ices.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange basement of a airport on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a island.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to stand on me.  The airport suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue scarecrow with spikes on its mouth.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "I want to melt"  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the beach.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red tin man with lavas sticking out of its toes.  The tin man began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The tin man ran to a house.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and started melting.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bugs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the fruit" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly showed me several pens.  A scarecrow appeared and ran to a bed.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and ran to a church.  The church suddenly showed me several bumps.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the church.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dining hall.  The church suddenly began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and ran to a dorm.  The man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a island, and I felt very relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the basement of a island.  The man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive statue with ices sticking out of its tongue.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher carefully crumbling.  The statue began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The statue drove to a church.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

A dinosaur showed up and started crumbling.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of bugs.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I stopped being happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  A teacher showed up and showed me several cats.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a large dog with spikes coming out of its face.  The dog began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The dog gave me some ices.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green tin man with photos all over its tongue.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

A person who looked just like me appeared and shouted "The metal triangles are in the wooden square"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shake" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering cat with photos coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly began to smack me.  The church suddenly whispered "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The tin man started melting.  The tin man went to a classroom.  I don't know why, but I ran to a airport.  The tin man walked to a dorm.  A teacher appeared and began to shrink in height.  The dorm suddenly said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a towering house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The house suddenly went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with pencils everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher absent-mindedly crumbling.  The teacher started shaking.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  The teacher started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the basement of a beach.  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me carefully crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the church.  The person who looked just like me whispered "That sucks"  The beach suddenly said "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with mice coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me shouted "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue carefully shaking.  The dorm suddenly drove to a dining hall.  I saw a enormous scarecrow with cars on its back.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a basement of a basement of a basement of a basement of a classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely towering"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and sprinted to a beach.  The cat stated "Hey man, it happens"  The cat went to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange classroom with lavas everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the beach.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat quickly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the bed.  A director of the bed came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of dogs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the bed.  The director of the bed began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering cat with logs sticking out of its tongue.  The cat began to melt.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I went to a basement of a bed.  The cat started to spit out lots of bumps.  The cat began to grab me, but I yelled at it "This is very hideous"  The cat started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue cat with dogs sticking out of its face.  The cat began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The cat shouted "The logs are in the bump"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly went to a island.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The pens are in the ice"  

I saw a obscure man with cats all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster slowly growing much larger.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The man went to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

A man appeared and started growing much larger.  The man shouted "The cats are in the dog"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man wildly shaking.  The man began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with dogs coming out of its feet.  The tin man ran to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

A dinosaur showed up and began to melt.  The dinosaur walked to a island.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  I saw a pleasant monster with ices all over its mouth.  The monster went to a dorm.  The island suddenly began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange church with bugs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the church.  The church suddenly said "The cats are in the bag"  A dog appeared and started melting.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and went to a island.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The statue began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a church.  The statue began to shoot me.  A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several glass squares.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  The statue shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a large cat with bugs all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  The cat began to throw some bags at me, but I tried to get it to throw some logs at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with fruit sticking out of its toes.  The dinosaur drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man carefully melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the church.  I saw a pale dog with bags coming out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the church.  The tin man started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me went to a church.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the church.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the bed.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I shouted at it "This is a little obscure"  A cat showed up and gave me some bags.  The cat began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale cat with snows coming out of its back.  The cat went to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly said "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The cat started shaking.  The cat began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The cat shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was melting in a hideous church, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  A man showed up and sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly began to jump over me.  The church suddenly began to slap me.  The man grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with insects all over its tongue.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The scarecrow ran to a basement of a beach.  The scarecrow gave me some bugs.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a green church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The church suddenly started crumbling.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  A statue showed up and ran to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a bed.  The island suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't concerned.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a massive island, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the island.  The island suddenly began to jump over me.  I saw a bright tin man with glass triangles on its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with cats coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The dinosaur shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a towering beach, and I began to shake.  The beach suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the beach.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the beach.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a large classroom, and I said "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  A teacher appeared and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and stated "The wooden triangles are in the pencil"  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The teacher shrunk in height into the ground.  

A dinosaur showed up and stated "The pencils are in the lava"  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't worried.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  A dog came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the church.  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

A scarecrow showed up and drove to a house.  The scarecrow began to grab me.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't worried.  The scarecrow began to throw some fires at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The cat shouted "The pencils are in the insect"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the dining hall.  The cat began to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and went to a church.  The church suddenly began to slap me.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some mice at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly ran to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the beach.  The scarecrow crumbled into nothingness.  

I was shrinking in height in a enormous bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The bed suddenly drove to a airport.  I saw a childlike dinosaur with phones sticking out of its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the airport.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a church, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the airport.  I saw a red person who looked just like me with fires coming out of its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bugs.  The monster began to stand on me.  The monster began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a bed.  The monster began to kick me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat towering"  A cat showed up and said "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly walked to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful teacher with logs on its eyes.  The teacher began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The teacher drove to a basement of a basement of a house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't happy about it.  The teacher began to shake.  A manager of the house showed up and began to stand on me.  The teacher ran to a dining hall.  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The manager of the house began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and began to slap me.  The man began to melt.  The man began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The man began to yell at me.  A teacher appeared and started crumbling.  The teacher began to sing to me.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue cat with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  The cat gave me some insects.  The cat began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the beach.  The cat walked to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The bags are in the phone"  

I saw a small teacher with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The teacher said "That sucks"  The teacher began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I don't know why, but I went to a house.  The teacher started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the house, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly started melting.  A cat showed up and drove to a church.  The basement of a dorm suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The cat began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The cat shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was crumbling in a large basement of a dining hall, and I said "This is a little bright"  The basement of a dining hall suddenly went to a house.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly said "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a leader of the island began to smack me.  The island suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the cat" thinking this would help.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly gave me some logs.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the island, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the basement of a classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant monster with logs sticking out of its back.  The monster began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a church.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to throw some wooden triangles at me.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to crumble, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange dining hall with spikes everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the dining hall.  A dinosaur showed up and stated "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to smack me.  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with lavas all over its arms.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the house.  I saw a pale statue with cars all over its feet.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur started to spit out lots of mice.  The dinosaur whispered "The ices are in the phone"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I yelled at it "This is very towering"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I shouted "What's going on?"  The dinosaur whispered "You must look inside"  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a towering beach, and I began to melt.  The beach suddenly walked to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me walked to a classroom.  I saw a grotesque statue with phones on its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the classroom.  The house suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the dorm.  A dog appeared and began to slap me.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly ran to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  The statue began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The statue began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher wildly shaking.  The teacher began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with insects coming out of its feet.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The scarecrow began to throw some pens at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher wildly shaking.  The scarecrow started melting.  I saw a obscure monster with mice coming out of its arms.  The dining hall suddenly began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the dining hall.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a red basement of a classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The classroom suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A scarecrow showed up and started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the basement of a classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a dog began to yell at me.  The dog started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the house.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a beach.  The house suddenly showed me several pens.  The dog began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with phones everywhere.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The house suddenly began to shoot me.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a island, with a dog wildly growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly went to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a church when all of a sudden a tin man began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the church.  The tin man ran to a basement of a house.  A dog came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The church suddenly started shaking.  The dog began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with logs on its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I threw some bugs at it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange basement of a house with bags everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The house suddenly drove to a dorm.  The house suddenly went to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a green airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the airport.  The airport suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A statue showed up and began to shrink in height.  The statue started growing much larger.  The statue began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The statue started shaking, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is very obscure"  The statue began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The statue began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the house, and I smiled.  

I saw a large man with logs all over its eyes.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the classroom.  I saw a enormous monster with lavas on its toes.  The man began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The dinosaur started melting.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  A statue appeared and sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so small?"  

I saw a pleasant dog with photos coming out of its eyes.  The dog started melting.  The dog began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a teacher wildly shaking.  The teacher began to kick me.  The dog began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The teacher shrunk in height into thin air.  

I was melting in a obscure church, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The church suddenly drove to a island.  The island suddenly began to yell at me.  I saw a grotesque dinosaur with pencils on its arms.  The island suddenly began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with bugs sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  The teacher showed me several glass squares.  The teacher melted into the ground.  

I saw a grotesque cat with logs coming out of its legs.  The cat began to stand on me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the beach.  The island suddenly drove to a basement of a classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale person who looked just like me with fires coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the airport, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a airport.  The bed suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a beach, with a man slowly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to throw some pens at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scarecrow drove to a dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The scarecrow gave me some spikes.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  The dog gave me some metal triangles.  The dog began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dog gave me some photos, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the cat" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur went to a island.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster wildly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me melted into the ground.  

I saw a red man with bags on its back.  The man began to slap me.  The man drove to a classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt strangely nervous.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  The man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a hideous dorm, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the dorm.  A statue appeared and walked to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The statue began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

I saw a pale cat with dogs coming out of its feet.  The cat gave me some bags.  The cat began to shrink in height.  The cat melted into thin air.  

A cat showed up and drove to a airport.  The cat began to stand on me.  The cat began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The cat began to crumble.  The cat began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and began to shoot me.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man drove to a house.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the classroom.  The tin man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The tin man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a basement of a airport when all of a sudden a cat shouted "The ices are in the mouse"  The cat started to spit out lots of fires.  The cat began to crumble.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the basement of a airport.  The basement of a basement of a airport suddenly began to shoot me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and gave me some cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster slowly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the airport.  I saw a red cat with ices coming out of its back.  The monster drove to a church.  The monster began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The cat melted into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with bugs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the car" thinking this would help.  A man appeared and began to jump over me.  The man shouted "You must look inside"  The man began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A tin man appeared and walked to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and began to crumble.  The man started to spit out lots of bags.  The man stated "The dogs are in the pen"  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue carefully shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried for some reason.  A dog appeared and started to spit out lots of cars.  The airport suddenly showed me several mice.  The statue began to shoot me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The tin man began to sing to me.  The bed suddenly showed me several pens.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike dog with bumps coming out of its tongue.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The dog began to slap me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the island.  I saw a obscure cat with photos sticking out of its toes.  The dog shouted "That sucks"  The dog began to throw some cars at me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a pale house, and I wasn't happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the house.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the house.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a tin man gave me some phones.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I saw a green dinosaur with glass triangles coming out of its back.  The tin man began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is a little futuristic"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with bumps everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The airport suddenly drove to a church.  I saw a hideous teacher with lavas all over its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The teacher melted into thin air.  

A man came out of nowhere and shouted "The photos are in the spike"  The man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The man started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic monster with bumps coming out of its back.  The monster began to throw some pencils at me, but I threw some spikes at it and ran away.  The monster started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny teacher with pencils all over its toes.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a scarecrow wildly melting.  The house suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I saw a bright statue with glass triangles sticking out of its tongue.  The teacher began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The teacher stated "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the beach.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the beach.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a statue slowly crumbling.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the dining hall.  The statue began to jump over me.  I saw a pale teacher with cars sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous thinking this would help.  The statue began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a green beach, and I stated "This is a little pleasant"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the beach.  A leader of the beach appeared and gave me some insects.  The leader of the beach said "Why are you so red?"  The beach suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the leader of the beach saying "That sucks"  

I was shaking in a bright church, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the church.  The church suddenly started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and went to a beach.  The teacher started melting.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something satisfying.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a island.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I threw some bumps at it and ran away.  The island suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red dinosaur with bumps all over its toes.  The dinosaur gave me some mice.  The dinosaur whispered "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and began to melt.  The man went to a basement of a dining hall.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to jump over me.  The man crumbled into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a beach.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the beach.  A manager of the beach showed up and showed me several pencils.  The manager of the beach began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The manager of the beach said "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man started to spit out lots of bumps.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I saw a obscure man with ices sticking out of its mouth.  The man began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The logs are in the fire"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and showed me several cats.  The person who looked just like me showed me several insects.  The person who looked just like me showed me several metal squares.  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a monster slowly crumbling.  The monster began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the basement of a beach.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a blue island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the island.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  I saw a pleasant tin man with logs coming out of its back.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The mice are in the cat"  

I saw a hideous scarecrow with bugs all over its tongue.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a beach.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a teacher slowly crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several phones.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The teacher crumbled into the ground.  

I was melting in a small island, and I stated "Who are you?"  The island suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I don't know why, but I ran to a basement of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange basement of a airport with insects everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to yell at me.  The scene changed to a church, with a dog wildly crumbling.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dog began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The dogs are in the lava"  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog stated "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly showed me several fruit.  The dog shouted "You must look inside"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The dog showed me several bugs.  The dog shouted "The logs are in the spike"  I jolted awake.  

A teacher appeared and began to melt.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some ices at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large scarecrow with bumps on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the island.  The island suddenly ran to a church.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a small bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny cat with fires coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The cat whispered "That sucks"  The cat shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with ices coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a basement of a dorm.  The scarecrow ran to a airport.  I saw a huge tin man with phones on its feet.  The tin man began to shake.  The basement of a dorm suddenly gave me some bumps.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I saw a pleasant statue with pens coming out of its eyes.  The statue said "Hey man, it happens"  The statue started to spit out lots of insects.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stated "Hello?"  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and shouted "Why are you so obscure?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the classroom.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat childlike"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful island, and I stopped being afraid.  The island suddenly began to melt.  The island suddenly gave me some fruit.  A man appeared and started shaking.  The man began to yell at me.  The man ran to a beach.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and started shrinking in height.  The statue started growing much larger.  The statue started crumbling.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher absent-mindedly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the church.  A cat appeared and ran to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering tin man with snows on its feet.  The tin man began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  The tin man began to melt.  I saw a graceful scarecrow with logs all over its back.  The church suddenly said "The dogs are in the pencil"  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and ran to a island.  The island suddenly drove to a dorm.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt strangely content.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  I saw a blue dinosaur with fires on its feet.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and started melting.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The monster said "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man stated "Why are you so grotesque?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  The tin man began to throw some wooden triangles at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I was melting in a towering dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?"  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several spikes.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shaking.  The scarecrow began to throw some cats at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scarecrow gave me some fruit.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A monster came out of nowhere and ran to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge man with lavas sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The man began to stand on me, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The cat whispered "That sucks"  The cat shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I wasn't happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to jump over me.  The classroom suddenly stated "Why are you so blue?", and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with mice everywhere.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the house.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small monster with mice all over its toes.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The monster began to slap me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat slowly shaking.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  A leader of the airport appeared and began to punch me.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  The airport suddenly showed me several cars.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful teacher with fruit all over its toes.  The teacher began to kick me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog quickly shrinking in height.  The dog began to throw some insects at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The dog started to spit out lots of pencils.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with dogs on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I saw a obscure dinosaur with cars all over its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the island.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is very tiny" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a large cat with insects all over its tongue.  The cat began to slap me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat started crumbling.  The cat began to shoot me, but I grabbed it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with dogs coming out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to kick me, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny dog with bugs on its toes.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a small dinosaur with bags all over its tongue.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dinosaur went to a airport.  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  I saw a grotesque man with cats coming out of its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the airport.  The man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering monster with lavas all over its arms.  The monster began to throw some pens at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The monster began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The monster began to shake.  The church suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge dog with ices coming out of its mouth.  The dog began to melt.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't happy about it.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is very massive"  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a leader of the dining hall began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The leader of the dining hall began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  The leader of the dining hall began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man went to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the beach.  A teacher showed up and began to smack me.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with fruit everywhere.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a leader of the classroom absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The leader of the classroom went to a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  The man stated "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the beach.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The man shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a towering cat with bugs sticking out of its toes.  The cat began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The cat gave me some lavas.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The cat began to punch me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with bumps all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge monster with logs sticking out of its eyes.  The monster began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The monster said "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a beach.  The dog began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The basement of a beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive statue with spikes coming out of its arms.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The statue began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something terrible.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur sprinted to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I said "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry thinking this would help.  The teacher whispered "The ices are in the car", and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the house.  The house suddenly showed me several cats.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dog wildly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the house.  The dog began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange basement of a dorm on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the basement of a dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to grab me, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a manager of the island stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the church.  A cat appeared and walked to a island.  The church suddenly started melting.  The cat showed me several pens.  The cat crumbled into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a man gave me some pens.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the bed.  The man began to grow much larger.  A tin man appeared and began to crumble.  The tin man began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the bed.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster appeared and said "You must look inside"  The monster began to yell at me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  The monster whispered "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the dorm.  I saw a towering dinosaur with wooden triangles sticking out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of pens.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The cat grew much larger into thin air.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and ran to a island.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scarecrow gave me some photos.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me quickly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous for some reason.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a pale tin man with glass squares all over its back.  The tin man said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the cat" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the church.  A teacher showed up and ran to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the church.  The tin man walked to a beach.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with phones everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little anxious for some reason.  I saw a green tin man with metal squares all over its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

A cat showed up and started growing much larger.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a island.  The cat began to punch me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely childlike"  A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some mice.  The cat began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and drove to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me stated "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a director of the dorm slowly shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly stated "The insects are in the car"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the island, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a dog began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly began to melt.  The dog began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with mice everywhere.  The island suddenly began to throw some logs at me.  The island suddenly ran to a house.  I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with phones coming out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me showed me several pens.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant statue with snows sticking out of its back.  The statue started melting.  The statue showed me several cars.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  A dog showed up and started crumbling.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a small scarecrow with cars coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The scarecrow began to kick me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange basement of a basement of a beach on top of a bed.  The basement of a basement of a beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  A dog appeared and walked to a dining hall.  The dog began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the basement of a basement of a beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure statue with pens sticking out of its arms.  The statue began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange basement of a dorm on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dorm suddenly stated "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with bumps on its toes.  The tin man began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The tin man gave me some bags.  The scene changed to a airport, with a scarecrow slowly shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly said "Why are you so bright?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the airport.  The scarecrow shook into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with lavas everywhere.  The church suddenly sprinted to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  The scene changed to a island, with a dog wildly crumbling.  The dog ran to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange island on top of a basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the island.  The basement of a dorm suddenly gave me some fires.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me showed me several wooden triangles.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The statue began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "I want to shrink in height"  The statue began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The statue began to slap me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a island.  The beach suddenly began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious thinking this would help.  I saw a huge scarecrow with wooden squares on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the island, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a cat went to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the classroom.  The cat began to throw some fires at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dorm.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The dorm suddenly walked to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur started to spit out lots of ices.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the basement of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a huge monster with pencils on its eyes.  The dinosaur sprinted to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the basement of a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I saw a obscure dog with fruit on its face.  The dog drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dog began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale man with cars on its mouth.  The man began to kick me.  The man started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher wildly shaking.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  I saw a blue statue with fires sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the cat" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stated "I want to grow much larger"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the beach.  I saw a green dog with phones sticking out of its back.  The dog began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?" thinking this would help.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

A tin man appeared and ran to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The tin man started melting.  A scarecrow showed up and began to crumble.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The tin man melted into thin air.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The dog began to punch me.  The dog began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow showed up and showed me several glass triangles.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the island.  I saw a tiny statue with snows coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little anxious for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cats are in the ice" for some reason.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a monster walked to a beach.  The beach suddenly drove to a basement of a bed.  The monster started shrinking in height.  I saw a massive teacher with spikes sticking out of its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the beach.  The teacher began to melt.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright statue with bags on its tongue.  The statue went to a island.  The island suddenly shouted "Why are you so towering?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man carefully melting.  The island suddenly began to melt.  The tin man began to throw some ices at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive man with phones all over its tongue.  The man went to a house.  The house suddenly drove to a basement of a bed.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat quickly shrinking in height.  The cat began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with glass squares everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I saw a green teacher with photos on its feet.  The dining hall suddenly said "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a enormous bed, and I said "Who are you?"  The bed suddenly went to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with photos everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the airport.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and showed me several fires.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the airport.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dinosaur showed me several bugs, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with snows everywhere.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The church suddenly drove to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and began to shrink in height.  The tin man stated "You must look inside"  The tin man shouted "The phones are in the log"  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher slowly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the beach.  A scarecrow appeared and drove to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the house.  The scarecrow ran to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a airport.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the airport.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a bed.  The dorm suddenly gave me some wooden triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright cat with mice all over its mouth.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and showed me several photos.  The man began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had done something satisfying for some reason.  The scene changed to a house, with a teacher slowly melting.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is a little blue"  The house suddenly began to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher stated "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The airport suddenly began to yell at me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow quickly melting.  The teacher started to spit out lots of bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a huge dining hall, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and started growing much larger.  The statue walked to a church.  The statue began to shake.  The statue began to grab me, but I screamed at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and showed me several bugs.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The person who looked just like me walked to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the insect" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic teacher with bags coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the dorm.  The teacher crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a grotesque dog with cars all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The dog started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shake.  The dog showed me several ices.  The dog began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so grotesque?"  

I saw a large dinosaur with pencils on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had accomplished something wrong thinking this would help.  The dinosaur gave me some snows.  The scene changed to a beach, with a manager of the beach quickly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the beach.  I saw a small dog with mice coming out of its eyes.  The dinosaur began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with insects everywhere.  The house suddenly drove to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a cat stated "The fruit are in the bag"  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  The cat stated "Hey man, it happens"  A tin man appeared and stated "The bumps are in the photo"  The cat began to melt.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic scarecrow with cars coming out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher wildly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  A director of the bed showed up and began to melt.  The bed suddenly showed me several dogs.  The bed suddenly showed me several lavas.  The teacher began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and stated "You must look inside"  The statue went to a basement of a island.  The island suddenly shouted "The snows are in the fruit"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a tiny church, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The church suddenly began to smack me.  The church suddenly ran to a bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The church suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  The beach suddenly walked to a house.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the dining hall.  The man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The scene changed to a church, with a manager of the church slowly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a house, with a leader of the house carefully shrinking in height.  The house suddenly said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the house.  The leader of the house melted into nothingness.  

A cat showed up and began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The cat gave me some bugs, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and began to shake.  The tin man whispered "The bugs are in the glass square"  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The cats are in the fire"  

A scarecrow appeared and walked to a beach.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a cat wildly growing much larger.  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  I saw a hideous statue with bags sticking out of its arms.  The cat began to throw some dogs at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the beach.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small scarecrow with ices all over its toes.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the airport.  I saw a grotesque man with glass squares on its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with glass squares all over its feet.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The dinosaur began to throw some lavas at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dinosaur grew much larger into nothingness.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The statue started growing much larger.  The statue gave me some snows.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge statue with bumps on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a church.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant statue with ices all over its arms.  The statue began to stand on me.  The statue began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly walked to a island.  A teacher came out of nowhere and went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful statue with spikes coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The statue stated "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat slowly shrinking in height.  The cat began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "This is very tiny"  The beach suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  The house suddenly began to throw some fires at me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale person who looked just like me with fires on its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dog appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something satisfying.  The dog began to grab me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the dining hall.  The dog began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with pencils all over its arms.  The person who looked just like me showed me several wooden triangles.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue slowly shaking.  The statue said "That sucks"  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The person who looked just like me shouted "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the airport.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a massive dining hall, and I felt slightly terrified.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the dining hall.  I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with phones on its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  The cat started to spit out lots of phones.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a graceful dining hall, and I wasn't concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shoot me.  A dinosaur showed up and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

A monster showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The monster began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The monster began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with lavas all over its eyes.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I threw some spikes at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge man with pens all over its arms.  The man started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering dog with fires on its mouth.  The dog began to shoot me.  The dog whispered "The ices are in the log"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat wildly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a director of the dining hall started to spit out lots of pens.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a dorm.  The director of the dining hall began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to crumble.  The director of the dining hall began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the dining hall.  The director of the dining hall melted into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous statue with lavas all over its tongue.  The statue began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque beach, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly drove to a airport.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat slowly melting.  The dorm suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The cat went to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge cat with metal squares sticking out of its eyes.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  The cat began to shrink in height.  I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with dogs all over its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with pencils all over its tongue.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The scarecrow gave me some spikes.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with logs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the airport.  The airport suddenly gave me some cars.  A dinosaur showed up and gave me some fruit.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dinosaur began to throw some lavas at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dinosaur whispered "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with phones all over its legs.  The dinosaur began to melt.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely large"  A cat appeared and went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the dining hall.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to slap me.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a huge monster with fires on its back.  The monster went to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the church.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man absent-mindedly crumbling.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a enormous manager of the church with bags all over its tongue.  The tin man sprinted to a dorm.  The monster began to throw some bugs at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a small bed, and I began to shake.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The bed suddenly gave me some bags.  The church suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a enormous house, and I heard a voice say "The phones are in the insect"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "The mice are in the photo"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the house.  The house suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the house, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with pens all over its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the spike" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with logs all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the house.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a church.  The church suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with fruit on its back.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I threw some spikes at it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely enormous"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic man with pencils all over its face.  The man began to grow much larger.  The man began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I shouted "I want to melt"  The man began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  A cat showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a futuristic church, and I felt a little nervous.  The church suddenly showed me several spikes.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the church.  I saw a grotesque cat with bugs on its tongue.  The cat shouted "You must look inside"  The church suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the church.  The scene changed to a island, with a manager of the island absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The manager of the island began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The manager of the island shouted "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The statue began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I went to a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly showed me several cars.  A dog showed up and started growing much larger.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some photos at me.  The statue drove to a house.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A statue appeared and drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several fruit.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The bumps are in the pen"  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with logs all over its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt very nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I screamed at it "This is very hideous"  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the beach.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the beach, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with pencils everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the house, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic dog with logs coming out of its toes.  The dog began to throw some dogs at me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The dog started crumbling.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous cat with phones coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The cat began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me slowly shrinking in height.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a massive dog with bags all over its eyes.  The cat began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something great.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the airport.  The house suddenly began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and drove to a classroom.  The dog started growing much larger.  The dog started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a church.  The scene changed to a house, with a man absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The man crumbled into the ground.  

A cat showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly like I had done something terrible for some reason.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The cat began to shake.  I saw a massive tin man with dogs all over its face.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The tin man began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely tiny"  A dog appeared and said "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The dog began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  The dog began to punch me, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and started shaking.  The statue whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The statue drove to a bed.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the basement of a airport.  I saw a green dinosaur with pens coming out of its toes.  The statue began to shake.  The statue started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog carefully shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly showed me several bumps.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The church suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

I saw a red scarecrow with cars sticking out of its eyes.  The scarecrow began to throw some lavas at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a hideous cat with logs on its arms.  The basement of a island suddenly showed me several phones.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  The classroom suddenly stated "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and showed me several bugs.  The man walked to a classroom.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat childlike"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive cat with bumps coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some wooden triangles at me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a man carefully shaking.  The bed suddenly shouted "The logs are in the bump"  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The man shook into the ground.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with bugs on its feet.  The scarecrow stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The scarecrow began to throw some cars at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I saw a huge statue with logs sticking out of its face.  The house suddenly began to shake.  The house suddenly gave me some fruit.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with mice everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly stated "The ices are in the log"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog began to crumble.  The dog began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the house.  The house suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the dining hall.  The bed suddenly showed me several bags.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a house.  The bed suddenly walked to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the bed.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly melting.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so small?"  

I was crumbling in a pleasant church, and I stated "Hello?"  The church suddenly showed me several bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I began to crumble.  The basement of a beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The dog began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stated "I want to crumble"  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I was shrinking in height in a red bed, and I began to shake.  The bed suddenly said "Why are you so red?"  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I don't know why, but I went to a basement of a dining hall.  The bed suddenly showed me several lavas.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the basement of a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous cat with glass squares sticking out of its face.  The cat began to kick me.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the bed.  I saw a tiny scarecrow with spikes all over its eyes.  The bed suddenly drove to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a small dinosaur with bags on its tongue.  The dinosaur drove to a basement of a dining hall.  The dinosaur showed me several lavas.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so green?"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The teacher shouted "The snows are in the bump"  The teacher started crumbling.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the dining hall.  The teacher shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with photos all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The fruit are in the log"  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a airport.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt a little nervous.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The dorm suddenly went to a church.  The church suddenly sprinted to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with phones all over its arms.  The dinosaur began to throw some snows at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man quickly melting.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The tin man melted into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man gave me some spikes.  The tin man ran to a house.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I saw a grotesque cat with bugs coming out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the house.  The tin man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The cat began to shoot me, but I threw some bags at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The cat crumbled into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a bright classroom, and I felt very angry.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the classroom.  I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with logs all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful basement of a dorm, and I stated "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the basement of a dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to sing to me, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and said "The insects are in the pen"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The cat began to throw some cars at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a beach.  The teacher started to spit out lots of pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale monster with fires all over its back.  The monster gave me some lavas.  The monster began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the dorm.  I saw a towering man with bags coming out of its legs.  The monster started crumbling.  The dorm suddenly showed me several wooden triangles.  The monster shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a towering airport, and I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the pencil"  The airport suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the airport.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat absent-mindedly melting.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  The cat started to spit out lots of fires.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a bright basement of a bed, and I began to grow much larger.  The basement of a bed suddenly went to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the basement of a bed.  I saw a large teacher with phones on its legs.  The teacher started crumbling.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The bed suddenly drove to a classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with photos all over its feet.  The scarecrow began to throw some spikes at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher absent-mindedly shaking.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I saw a graceful dog with dogs on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dog whispered "You must look inside"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and went to a bed.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some pens at me.  A cat came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The bed suddenly began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike cat with insects sticking out of its feet.  The cat began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The cat began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dining hall.  The cat started shaking.  I saw a green monster with logs on its legs.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the dining hall.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a pale bed, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small tin man with mice sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  The tin man started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I shouted "Hello?"  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The church suddenly drove to a basement of a house.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and began to shrink in height.  The statue gave me some bugs.  The statue began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue tin man with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't scared.  The tin man began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  The tin man started melting.  The church suddenly gave me some snows, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and began to shrink in height.  The cat showed me several bugs.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a small church, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the church.  The church suddenly gave me some metal triangles.  I saw a hideous man with bugs coming out of its feet.  The church suddenly began to yell at me.  The man sprinted to a house.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a large tin man with phones all over its arms.  The tin man stated "Why are you so large?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The tin man crumbled into the ground.  

A man appeared and shouted "The phones are in the lava"  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man quickly shrinking in height.  The man began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The house suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with snows everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the church.  I saw a bright scarecrow with bumps sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the house.  A person who looked just like me appeared and shouted "That sucks"  The airport suddenly stated "The metal triangles are in the log"  The airport suddenly showed me several bumps.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a statue began to shake.  The statue began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the bed.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  The statue began to crumble, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike cat with pencils on its arms.  The cat began to sing to me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  The cat shouted "Why are you so red?"  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some snows.  The dog began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The dog began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt strangely content.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I saw a hideous tin man with phones sticking out of its feet.  The tin man began to smack me.  The beach suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and drove to a basement of a bed.  The dog began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "This is a little childlike"  The dog sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a airport, and I began to crumble.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The airport suddenly stated "Why are you so childlike?"  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and began to smack me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The cat walked to a house.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with phones coming out of its toes.  The scarecrow began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

A statue came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The statue started to spit out lots of cats.  The statue began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A dog appeared and began to throw some snows at me.  The dog gave me some cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous monster with lavas all over its legs.  The monster began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The monster showed me several bugs.  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man slowly crumbling.  The bed suddenly walked to a church.  I saw a small director of the church with wooden squares coming out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the church.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a enormous beach, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the lava" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I saw a red teacher with fires all over its feet.  The teacher began to throw some ices at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale man with cats all over its eyes.  The man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The man began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster quickly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the dining hall.  A dog came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The man whispered "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green monster with phones coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The monster started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The man began to jump over me.  The man began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a green cat with mice all over its tongue.  The cat started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The bumps are in the lava"  

A teacher showed up and drove to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  The teacher began to slap me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly began to shake.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the church.  The dining hall suddenly began to punch me, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure cat with glass triangles sticking out of its feet.  The cat began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The cat gave me some mice.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  The cat began to crumble.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a dinosaur went to a dining hall.  The beach suddenly began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to throw some lavas at me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat blue"  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous teacher with fires all over its mouth.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The teacher gave me some pens.  The teacher grew much larger into nothingness.  

A statue showed up and began to shake.  The statue began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and showed me several bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had accomplished something wrong for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and showed me several bugs.  The man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The man drove to a classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The island suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The island suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The man shook into thin air.  

A man came out of nowhere and stated "The bumps are in the mouse"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The man began to kick me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The man began to throw some insects at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The church suddenly began to sing to me.  The man grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a huge cat with mice all over its feet.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The cat began to throw some bugs at me.  The cat began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the church.  I saw a futuristic dog with cars on its arms.  The cat began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several spikes.  The island suddenly stated "The dogs are in the insect"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the church.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the church, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a grotesque bed, and I wasn't scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly gave me some wooden triangles.  A director of the bed appeared and began to melt.  The director of the bed gave me some fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of metal triangles, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a teacher gave me some pens.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The house suddenly started crumbling.  A manager of the house showed up and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and showed me several mice.  The teacher began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  The teacher drove to a beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me appeared and went to a island.  The island suddenly began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a man began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  The man started shaking.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and showed me several ices.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with dogs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt very anxious.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the bed, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a green airport, and I began to melt.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the airport, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a basement of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the bed.  The bed suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The bugs are in the pen"  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a statue drove to a house.  The statue showed me several phones.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a basement of a basement of a island.  The basement of a basement of a basement of a basement of a island suddenly started growing much larger.  The basement of a island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The statue began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog went to a dorm.  The dog began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dog began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  The dog walked to a island.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a basement of a church.  The classroom suddenly walked to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the basement of a church.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a bed.  The basement of a church suddenly gave me some pencils.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and sprinted to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The teacher went to a dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a large monster with ices on its mouth.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a tiny cat with mice all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I saw a obscure scarecrow with spikes on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a cat absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I shouted at it "This is a little enormous"  I saw a red man with cars all over its arms.  The cat began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The man began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a large dining hall, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly said "Why are you so huge?"  A dog showed up and showed me several insects.  The dog began to kick me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely futuristic"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The cars are in the bug"  

I saw a green man with fires sticking out of its eyes.  The man began to grab me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The man began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the airport.  The man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely pale"  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant airport, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The airport suddenly gave me some metal squares.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly went to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the house, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a blue airport, and I began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the airport.  I saw a small tin man with glass triangles all over its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale statue with cats coming out of its face.  The statue started to spit out lots of fires.  The statue began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and gave me some mice.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The tin man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I said "Who are you?"  The tin man began to kick me.  The house suddenly gave me some wooden triangles.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a leader of the beach started to spit out lots of lavas.  The leader of the beach began to crumble.  The leader of the beach started crumbling.  I saw a pale dog with cats all over its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man stated "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a futuristic leader of the dining hall with bags coming out of its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the dining hall.  The tin man gave me some spikes.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The pencils are in the snow"  

I saw a bright man with phones sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The man began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the airport.  A director of the airport appeared and started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is extremely small" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue tin man with pens coming out of its tongue.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to sing to me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the bed.  The tin man began to jump over me.  The tin man grew much larger into the ground.  

A statue showed up and began to grab me.  The statue began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

I'm melting in a basement of a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man started to spit out lots of pencils.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly walked to a dorm.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the classroom.  The dorm suddenly went to a church.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with lavas everywhere.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the beach.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and gave me some bags.  The scarecrow began to grab me.  The scarecrow went to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The dogs are in the metal triangle"  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with insects sticking out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me stated "The photos are in the lava"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some lavas at me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  I saw a grotesque tin man with phones all over its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the airport.  The person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man grew much larger into nothingness.  

I was crumbling in a small church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?"  The church suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to grow much larger.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and drove to a house.  The house suddenly began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the island.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pale monster with metal triangles coming out of its legs.  The monster began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The monster said "Why are you so pale?"  The scene changed to a airport, with a director of the airport carefully crumbling.  The monster started to spit out lots of logs.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and gave me some spikes.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a green basement of a bed, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the cat"  The bed suddenly drove to a dorm.  The bed suddenly started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with bugs everywhere.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  I saw a obscure dinosaur with lavas on its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a huge church, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the church.  The church suddenly showed me several bugs.  The scene changed to a house, with a monster wildly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the church.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with snows everywhere.  The dorm suddenly walked to a house.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  A cat showed up and whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the house.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a manager of the classroom began to shrink in height.  The manager of the classroom shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The manager of the classroom began to throw some bags at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I saw a red monster with fires coming out of its tongue.  The manager of the classroom began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The manager of the classroom began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the classroom saying "Why are you so enormous?"  

A cat came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous thinking this would help.  The cat started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog quickly melting.  The dog stated "Hey man, it happens"  A leader of the airport appeared and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little hideous" thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly drove to a beach.  The airport suddenly began to punch me, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and started shaking.  The scarecrow began to stand on me.  The scarecrow drove to a bed.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with photos on its face.  The person who looked just like me shouted "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me went to a basement of a church.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a island.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  I saw a small cat with cats sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike statue with spikes on its eyes.  The statue began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little anxious for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a tin man quickly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the basement of a dining hall.  I saw a hideous dog with fruit on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and began to crumble.  The statue began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The statue started to spit out lots of bags.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful teacher with bags on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The teacher ran to a island.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I saw a obscure monster with glass squares on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little tiny" for some reason.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with snows sticking out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me walked to a island.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so red?"  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with ices everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and ran to a beach.  The teacher began to jump over me.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher appeared and began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The teacher started to spit out lots of logs.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog whispered "The lavas are in the insect"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the classroom.  The dog showed me several bags.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the classroom.  The dog crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with lavas coming out of its feet.  The dinosaur began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is somewhat hideous" for some reason.  I saw a huge cat with bumps coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something helpful.  The dinosaur sprinted to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  The scarecrow sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the bed.  I don't know why, but I drove to a beach.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and walked to a airport.  The tin man ran to a basement of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the basement of a beach.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with cats on its tongue.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur started shaking.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I saw a large scarecrow with ices coming out of its eyes.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the log" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the airport.  A man showed up and started to spit out lots of cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly walked to a dining hall.  The airport suddenly whispered "The cars are in the bag", and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a scarecrow started growing much larger.  The house suddenly gave me some ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had done something great for some reason.  A teacher appeared and began to jump over me.  The house suddenly said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a large island, and I shouted "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the island.  The island suddenly began to sing to me.  A director of the island showed up and went to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The director of the island shouted "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a teacher began to crumble.  The church suddenly stated "The bumps are in the cat"  The teacher began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the ice" for some reason.  I saw a green cat with bags on its feet.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  The cat began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  The statue stated "That sucks"  The statue shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a dog showed me several logs.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A cat came out of nowhere and gave me some metal triangles.  The cat started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I saw a pale tin man with phones all over its legs.  The tin man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The tin man began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The tin man began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A statue came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the classroom.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The dog shouted "Why are you so small?"  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and showed me several bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The man started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright cat with photos coming out of its arms.  The cat began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a beach.  The beach suddenly began to grab me.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  A monster showed up and started melting.  The classroom suddenly began to throw some spikes at me.  The classroom suddenly said "That sucks"  The monster shrunk in height into thin air.  

A dinosaur appeared and stated "The logs are in the car"  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure tin man with fires all over its eyes.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The tin man began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with insects everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to kick me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat carefully crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the classroom.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a small island, and I whispered "I want to grow much larger"  The island suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I wasn't worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly began to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange island on top of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man quickly crumbling.  The church suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The island suddenly began to jump over me.  The island suddenly began to crumble, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a grotesque island, and I said "This is a little obscure"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The island suddenly started shaking.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a cat carefully shrinking in height.  The cat began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something great.  The cat began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the basement of a classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful cat with metal triangles all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The cat began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and drove to a dorm.  The tin man said "The dogs are in the car"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the dorm.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering tin man with wooden squares all over its face.  The tin man began to crumble.  The tin man shouted "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the house.  The tin man gave me some insects.  The house suddenly started shaking, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and began to crumble.  The cat went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  The scene changed to a island, with a leader of the island absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The cat shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike airport, and I shouted "What's going on?"  The airport suddenly whispered "The logs are in the fruit"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the airport.  A tin man came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man showed me several dogs.  The tin man started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dog absent-mindedly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the classroom.  A monster appeared and started to spit out lots of pencils.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  The monster started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur showed me several pencils.  The dinosaur began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I saw a hideous man with bugs all over its toes.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The statue began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

A monster appeared and gave me some metal squares.  The monster began to take a photo of me.  The monster began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The beach suddenly walked to a basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the basement of a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The scarecrow whispered "Why are you so obscure?"  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog carefully growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the dining hall.  A tin man showed up and ran to a dorm.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  The dog began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a red scarecrow with bumps coming out of its mouth.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with bugs coming out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me ran to a church.  The person who looked just like me drove to a airport.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the beach.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I saw a obscure manager of the airport with bumps coming out of its mouth.  The manager of the airport began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The manager of the airport began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the airport saying "That sucks"  

I was growing much larger in a huge airport, and I stated "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  I saw a childlike monster with cats on its tongue.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange island with cats everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the basement of a island.  A cat showed up and began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the island.  The cat began to slap me, but I threw some fruit at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very terrified thinking this would help.  The house suddenly said "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the church.  The teacher began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  A monster showed up and began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The mice are in the car"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some mice at me.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I don't know why, but I drove to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I saw a obscure scarecrow with fires sticking out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with insects everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  A man showed up and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the classroom.  I saw a pleasant teacher with cats sticking out of its mouth.  The teacher showed me several logs.  The classroom suddenly drove to a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a basement of a basement of a airport.  The airport suddenly went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a large island, and I felt slightly worried.  The island suddenly began to throw some dogs at me.  The island suddenly walked to a bed.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and ran to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the dorm.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the classroom.  The cat began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a monster started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the airport.  The monster started shrinking in height.  A scarecrow showed up and started melting.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The airport suddenly ran to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I said "Who are you?"  The island suddenly began to melt.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The teacher began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with mice everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The island suddenly began to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The beach suddenly said "The cats are in the mouse"  The beach suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive man with ices all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some insects at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The airport suddenly showed me several spikes, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and stated "You must look inside"  The cat began to shrink in height.  The cat began to shake.  The scene changed to a church, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the church.  I saw a obscure monster with snows all over its tongue.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the church.  The cat shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was crumbling in a large basement of a church, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the basement of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the church, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale cat with bugs sticking out of its feet.  The cat whispered "That sucks"  The cat showed me several spikes.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with insects everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "The bags are in the insect"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very enormous" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The house suddenly went to a airport, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to slap me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely small"  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher shouted "The photos are in the photo"  The teacher began to kick me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The teacher began to crumble.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow slowly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the dining hall.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to punch me.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the bed.  A tin man came out of nowhere and shouted "Why are you so tiny?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  The tin man started to spit out lots of fires, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and began to shake.  The man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the island.  I saw a towering director of the island with fires all over its tongue.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The director of the island began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a airport when all of a sudden a dog started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the basement of a airport.  The dog started to spit out lots of dogs.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dog whispered "Why are you so tiny?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a huge scarecrow with logs on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a dog began to crumble.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the house.  A director of the house came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a beach.  The house suddenly began to smack me.  The house suddenly stated "The photos are in the pen"  The director of the house continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a beach when all of a sudden a statue began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the beach.  The beach suddenly said "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The statue showed me several spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a huge basement of a dorm, and I wasn't concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the basement of a dorm.  A tin man came out of nowhere and gave me some bugs.  The tin man began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The tin man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and whispered "You must look inside"  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The statue started to spit out lots of phones.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a hideous airport, and I said "That sucks"  The airport suddenly said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the church.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The church suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The church suddenly sprinted to a beach.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to grab me.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so graceful?"  

I was melting in a towering basement of a church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the basement of a church.  The scene changed to a house, with a scarecrow wildly shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a dog stated "That sucks"  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  The dog showed me several bugs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being scared.  The house suddenly showed me several insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure teacher with phones on its mouth.  The teacher began to shake.  The teacher began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike monster with glass triangles on its arms.  The monster began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with cars coming out of its eyes.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the wooden triangle" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a pale person who looked just like me with cars all over its back.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a pale cat with spikes all over its tongue.  The cat began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog quickly shrinking in height.  The cat began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the dining hall.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with cats everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to stand on me.  I saw a childlike scarecrow with snows coming out of its feet.  The scarecrow began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic statue with fruit on its toes.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is extremely graceful" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dining hall.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The teacher started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pleasant statue with lavas all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The statue started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I wasn't happy about it.  The bed suddenly began to punch me.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a church.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a director of the dorm began to take a photo of me.  The director of the dorm walked to a church.  The director of the dorm began to shoot me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  A tin man appeared and began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the director of the dorm saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

A tin man appeared and went to a classroom.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I threw some pencils at it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to throw some wooden squares at me.  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a man absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The man started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The snows are in the pencil"  

A dinosaur showed up and sprinted to a house.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The scene changed to a island, with a man quickly crumbling.  The dinosaur went to a church.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a childlike dining hall, and I said "Who are you?"  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to throw some metal triangles at me.  I saw a towering manager of the dining hall with fires on its toes.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a cat ran to a island.  The cat began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the island.  A person who looked just like me showed up and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the island.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful dog with lavas sticking out of its legs.  The dog started growing much larger.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "Hello?"  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some pens at me.  I saw a pleasant cat with spikes all over its eyes.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dog began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A man came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The man began to smack me, but I threw some bumps at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I shouted "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The man began to slap me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a statue started to spit out lots of logs.  The dorm suddenly went to a house.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dining hall.  The dorm suddenly said "You must look inside"  The house suddenly sprinted to a beach.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the church.  A dog showed up and started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly said "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

A statue showed up and started melting.  The statue began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The statue started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly said "That sucks"  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the church.  The church suddenly gave me some cats.  The statue began to throw some fruit at me, but I threw some mice at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a large dog with bugs coming out of its mouth.  The dog shouted "The ices are in the pen"  The dog began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a manager of the island began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to throw some bumps at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster quickly shaking.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very worried, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me whispered "The logs are in the log"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the island.  A tin man came out of nowhere and showed me several cars.  The tin man began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into thin air.  

A tin man appeared and started growing much larger.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The tin man began to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a statue showed me several bugs.  The statue began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the house.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The statue stated "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with snows everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  A man appeared and drove to a dorm.  The beach suddenly ran to a bed.  The dorm suddenly showed me several photos.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with pencils everywhere.  The dorm suddenly whispered "The mice are in the phone"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the dorm.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to throw some cats at me.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur showed up and ran to a bed.  The bed suddenly started melting.  The dinosaur began to jump over me.  The dinosaur shook into the ground.  

My family and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the dorm.  I saw a huge dog with phones coming out of its tongue.  The dog went to a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The dog melted into thin air.  

I was melting in a obscure church, and I began to melt.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the church.  The airport suddenly said "Why are you so towering?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the church, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow ran to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the airport.  A teacher showed up and started growing much larger.  The teacher shouted "Why are you so futuristic?"  The teacher showed me several logs.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a monster started growing much larger.  The house suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and showed me several phones.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster quickly growing much larger.  The airport suddenly gave me some wooden triangles.  A dog came out of nowhere and showed me several bumps.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with pencils everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the church.  The church suddenly began to shake.  A man showed up and started to spit out lots of phones.  The church suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The man stated "Why are you so enormous?"  The man stated "The bags are in the fire", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a church.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The church suddenly showed me several mice.  A teacher showed up and started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the church.  The house suddenly gave me some photos.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "This is very enormous"  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the island.  A monster appeared and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The monster began to slap me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with insects everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with metal squares all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  The house suddenly gave me some wooden squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny man with snows coming out of its arms.  The man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely bright"  The man showed me several fires.  I don't know why, but I went to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the church.  The man said "Why are you so tiny?"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and started shaking.  The dinosaur showed me several insects.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I whispered "This is a little huge"  The dinosaur whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a red house, and I said "Who are you?"  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a tin man carefully shaking.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I punched it and ran away.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the house.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dining hall.  The house suddenly began to shake.  The house suddenly gave me some bugs.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous statue with bugs coming out of its tongue.  The statue drove to a basement of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a dorm, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and drove to a island.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The dinosaur began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to throw some mice at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt slightly relaxed.  The dinosaur gave me some snows.  A teacher came out of nowhere and started melting.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  The teacher shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was crumbling in a towering classroom, and I wasn't concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the classroom.  The scene changed to a house, with a monster absent-mindedly melting.  The monster began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the classroom.  The monster walked to a beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure cat with dogs sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The cat began to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I stopped being concerned.  The basement of a classroom suddenly gave me some logs.  The cat started to spit out lots of pens.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The ices are in the log"  

I saw a futuristic dog with cats coming out of its eyes.  The dog shouted "Why are you so futuristic?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the photo" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fires are in the fire" for some reason.  I saw a red statue with pens sticking out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale monster with bags sticking out of its eyes.  The monster went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the house.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a enormous monster with ices all over its tongue.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The monster began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The monster began to jump over me.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The teacher began to punch me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The teacher gave me some snows.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

A monster came out of nowhere and drove to a house.  The monster stated "The snows are in the cat"  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The house suddenly showed me several metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a blue island, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely content for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a large classroom, and I stopped being afraid.  The classroom suddenly said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the mouse" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The man began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The man began to smack me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The man began to throw some lavas at me.  The man melted into thin air.  

A dinosaur showed up and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The dinosaur began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I said "Hello?"  The dinosaur showed me several glass triangles.  I saw a childlike monster with fires all over its feet.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The bed suddenly gave me some photos.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and began to crumble.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The teacher started crumbling.  I saw a graceful cat with snows on its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the dorm.  The teacher began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The cat grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a massive monster with fires coming out of its tongue.  The monster started melting.  The monster began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  The beach suddenly said "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the dorm.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a house.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly went to a dorm.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I drove to a island.  The island suddenly walked to a dining hall.  A scarecrow appeared and began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly sprinted to a bed.  The scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with lavas sticking out of its feet.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dinosaur showed me several spikes.  A statue showed up and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the dining hall.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale man with dogs sticking out of its mouth.  The man began to crumble.  The man began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a island, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and started growing much larger.  The teacher began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The teacher began to slap me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and started growing much larger.  The tin man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The tin man began to kick me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a classroom.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something satisfying.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The wooden triangles are in the metal square" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I stopped being scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The cats are in the lava"  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster showed me several lavas.  The monster began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The dorm suddenly gave me some metal triangles.  A tin man showed up and said "That sucks"  The tin man went to a bed.  The tin man ran to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dining hall.  A statue came out of nowhere and showed me several photos.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the dining hall.  The scarecrow began to throw some bugs at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and gave me some fruit.  The monster began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The monster began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being afraid.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The monster shrunk in height into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  The island suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the bed.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of phones.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some insects at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the bed, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the airport.  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with snows coming out of its face.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bumps at me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the airport.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a teacher began to yell at me.  The teacher began to sing to me.  The teacher shouted "You must look inside"  I saw a towering cat with bumps all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely content for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and began to jump over me.  The statue began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The statue began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a bed, with a man slowly crumbling.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the bed.  The man began to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a graceful island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  A dinosaur appeared and ran to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dinosaur walked to a church.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a director of the airport gave me some fires.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a grotesque man with fruit sticking out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with bugs sticking out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several insects.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with fruit everywhere.  The classroom suddenly began to throw some wooden triangles at me.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  I saw a futuristic scarecrow with dogs all over its back.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so futuristic?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering man with fruit sticking out of its arms.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something helpful.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a leader of the airport shouted "That sucks"  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified thinking this would help.  A scarecrow showed up and sprinted to a classroom.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scarecrow began to throw some photos at me.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the airport saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a tin man began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the house.  The tin man began to throw some cars at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I saw a graceful scarecrow with wooden squares coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I threw some mice at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat slowly melting.  The person who looked just like me showed me several cats.  The airport suddenly went to a house.  The cat shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a blue monster with cats on its tongue.  The monster began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster drove to a bed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  A statue showed up and started to spit out lots of pencils.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the bed.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a enormous basement of a island, and I felt slightly relaxed.  The basement of a island suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the basement of a island.  I saw a bright tin man with phones on its tongue.  The basement of a island suddenly shouted "The pencils are in the metal triangle"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the island, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and started growing much larger.  The statue began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The statue began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The statue began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I saw a small monster with cats all over its tongue.  The church suddenly went to a basement of a classroom.  The statue began to yell at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque beach, and I whispered "That sucks"  The beach suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the beach.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster carefully growing much larger.  The monster began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering dog with insects sticking out of its arms.  The dog began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and began to melt.  The man started to spit out lots of pens.  The man whispered "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I felt a little content.  The man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The island suddenly began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and ran to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The person who looked just like me gave me some lavas.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  A tin man showed up and went to a church.  The tin man gave me some fires.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a man began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The man shouted "The mice are in the pencil"  I saw a pleasant cat with fruit all over its tongue.  The man began to grab me.  The dorm suddenly showed me several bugs.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of logs.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me whispered "The cats are in the fruit", and I smiled.  

A scarecrow appeared and sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the church.  I saw a enormous tin man with pens coming out of its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the basement of a classroom.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt", and I smiled.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with bumps all over its mouth.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into thin air.  

A statue appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  The statue started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

I saw a towering monster with phones sticking out of its back.  The monster began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The monster began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The monster grew much larger into nothingness.  

A dog appeared and started growing much larger.  The dog began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a house, with a manager of the house carefully shrinking in height.  The manager of the house started to spit out lots of cars.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the basement of a basement of a house.  The manager of the house melted into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a enormous dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?"  The dining hall suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the dining hall.  A man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something helpful.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the house.  I saw a red manager of the house with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The manager of the house began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The manager of the house began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous teacher with lavas coming out of its mouth.  The teacher started melting.  The teacher began to shake.  The teacher shook into nothingness.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with lavas coming out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me said "The pens are in the insect"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being afraid.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bugs at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The island suddenly began to grab me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a green island, and I wasn't concerned.  The island suddenly shouted "The spikes are in the pen"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the island.  A man showed up and walked to a classroom.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a cat started to spit out lots of cats.  The classroom suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to grow much larger.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  The cat grew much larger into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a house.  The island suddenly drove to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a man quickly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the classroom.  The man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely green"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so green?"  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with wooden triangles everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some spikes.  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and began to melt.  The cat went to a basement of a house.  The cat began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The basement of a house suddenly walked to a airport.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a large statue with pens coming out of its legs.  The statue began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The statue began to shake.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The statue started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green outside the classroom.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic tin man with bags all over its tongue.  The tin man stated "Why are you so futuristic?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  The tin man began to smack me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous man with dogs sticking out of its arms.  The man began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I saw a large teacher with photos coming out of its feet.  The dining hall suddenly went to a basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The teacher grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a green cat with bugs coming out of its feet.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The cat began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I don't know why, but I went to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the beach.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The tin man gave me some bags.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the bed.  I saw a pleasant statue with dogs all over its mouth.  The bed suddenly began to grab me.  The tin man started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to crumble.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a bed, and I wasn't concerned.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a obscure cat with insects sticking out of its eyes.  The bed suddenly said "The logs are in the dog"  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The cat crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant statue with logs all over its mouth.  The statue went to a classroom.  The statue began to grow much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the bed.  I saw a towering director of the bed with insects coming out of its tongue.  The statue began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous for some reason.  The statue began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I saw a childlike teacher with fruit on its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the house.  The house suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

I saw a small monster with snows all over its tongue.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster whispered "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a house.  The monster began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the house.  The monster shook into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  I saw a grotesque manager of the house with dogs sticking out of its eyes.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The manager of the house continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red teacher with spikes coming out of its legs.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The teacher went to a island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?"  The classroom suddenly drove to a airport.  A director of the island appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  The island suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of lavas.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a basement of a bed, with a man slowly melting.  The man began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The basement of a basement of a bed suddenly said "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and drove to a dorm.  The teacher said "You must look inside"  The teacher started shaking.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a hideous dog with ices on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dog shook into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the dorm.  The island suddenly began to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so red?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike monster with pens all over its eyes.  The monster began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The monster began to melt.  The monster shook into the ground.  

I saw a small statue with cars on its tongue.  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and ran to a beach.  The scarecrow began to shoot me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  A cat appeared and shouted "The insects are in the car"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the classroom.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a airport, and I shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow appeared and drove to a bed.  The bed suddenly gave me some pencils.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the bed.  The scarecrow began to throw some snows at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The photos are in the cat"  

I was melting in a towering dorm, and I wasn't concerned.  The dorm suddenly began to smack me.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I don't know why, but I went to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a bright dining hall, and I stated "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a director of the dining hall absent-mindedly shaking.  The director of the dining hall started crumbling.  The director of the dining hall sprinted to a house.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a tin man walked to a classroom.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely huge"  The bed suddenly said "You must look inside"  I saw a tiny cat with pencils on its eyes.  The tin man began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some lavas at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me stated "The spikes are in the car"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The monster began to punch me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog quickly shrinking in height.  The dog began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  A cat showed up and showed me several cats.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the airport.  The cat began to grab me.  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

A scarecrow showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt strangely nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow melted into thin air.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a manager of the church ran to a airport.  The manager of the church stated "The bumps are in the wooden square"  The manager of the church began to shake.  I saw a graceful director of the airport with phones all over its eyes.  The airport suddenly went to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little red" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic monster with pens on its back.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The monster began to throw some fires at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I don't know why, but I drove to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the house.  A man came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The house suddenly started melting.  The house suddenly began to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large person who looked just like me with phones sticking out of its face.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The monster said "Why are you so large?"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

I was shaking in a enormous bed, and I stated "This is extremely obscure"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the bed.  I saw a large teacher with lavas coming out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with phones everywhere.  The dorm suddenly shouted "The mice are in the bump"  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a hideous statue with bags sticking out of its tongue.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The statue began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The statue shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a tiny statue with dogs on its eyes.  The statue began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster absent-mindedly melting.  The statue stated "Hey man, it happens"  A tin man appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with phones everywhere.  The airport suddenly walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stated "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with pencils sticking out of its eyes.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being concerned.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The tin man drove to a bed.  The tin man began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike cat with bugs sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The cat began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The cat began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher showed up and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me quickly shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the bed.  The teacher crumbled into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a tiny airport, and I felt slightly content.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the airport.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat quickly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the airport.  The cat melted into the ground.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  The tin man began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The tin man walked to a classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the dorm.  The tin man shook into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  The island suddenly ran to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the beach.  The scene changed to a house, with a cat carefully growing much larger.  The cat began to grab me, but I threw some bugs at it and ran away.  The cat began to sing to me.  The cat crumbled into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me walked to a basement of a beach.  The church suddenly ran to a basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the basement of a classroom.  The scene changed to a house, with a statue absent-mindedly crumbling.  The statue began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a towering house, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I saw a obscure dog with photos sticking out of its mouth.  The dog began to crumble.  The dog began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a cat began to crumble.  The church suddenly began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the church.  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a person who looked just like me wildly shrinking in height.  The cat began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a huge island, and I whispered "Hello?"  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  The island suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the island.  The bed suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man carefully shaking.  The tin man gave me some spikes.  I saw a large manager of the island with fires on its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the island.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful cat with bugs sticking out of its arms.  The cat began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The cat started to spit out lots of mice.  The cat began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I ran to a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly started growing much larger.  The basement of a church suddenly began to throw some bumps at me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous tin man with mice all over its feet.  The tin man stated "That sucks"  The tin man began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I saw a huge monster with wooden squares coming out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the bed.  The tin man began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering dog with fires all over its toes.  The dog began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the dorm.  I saw a bright man with cars on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The mice are in the bag"  

I was crumbling in a pleasant basement of a airport, and I heard a voice say "The ices are in the lava"  The airport suddenly whispered "The bugs are in the ice"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the basement of a airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the basement of a airport.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a teacher began to shake.  The beach suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a house.  The teacher began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue statue with spikes all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous thinking this would help.  The statue began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several snows.  The classroom suddenly began to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the basement of a classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bumps at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I was melting in a obscure dorm, and I felt slightly worried.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the dorm.  A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some wooden triangles.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so red?"  

A dog came out of nowhere and walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dog began to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  The dog began to yell at me.  A tin man showed up and began to shake.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  The dog began to slap me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque statue with ices all over its legs.  The statue started growing much larger.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I wasn't scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  The bed suddenly showed me several photos.  The statue began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The scarecrow gave me some dogs.  The scarecrow went to a bed.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble", and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  The airport suddenly stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the dining hall.  I saw a obscure monster with glass squares on its face.  The monster began to melt.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a beach.  The beach suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  A person who looked just like me appeared and drove to a dining hall.  The church suddenly went to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the beach.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a house.  The house suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I saw a red dinosaur with cats all over its mouth.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the house.  The dinosaur crumbled into nothingness.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The teacher stated "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a enormous dining hall, and I felt very content.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me.  A dog showed up and began to grow much larger.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog began to throw some phones at me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a enormous beach, and I stated "I want to melt"  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  The dorm suddenly ran to a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure tin man with bumps coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The tin man stated "Why are you so obscure?"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The cats are in the dog"  

I saw a graceful statue with pens all over its arms.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The statue shrunk in height into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  The airport suddenly showed me several insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I saw a futuristic man with cars on its toes.  The man began to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the airport.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a dorm, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a grotesque dining hall, and I stated "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" for some reason.  I saw a pale scarecrow with logs all over its tongue.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a green dinosaur with photos all over its feet.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat childlike"  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I walked to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the house.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

A dog appeared and went to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The bed suddenly began to sing to me.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a director of the basement of a classroom absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The dog began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright man with bugs sticking out of its toes.  The dog gave me some pens.  The man began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster slowly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the airport.  The man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me whispered "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  A dog came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had done something wrong for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with fires everywhere.  The beach suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the beach.  I saw a childlike teacher with wooden triangles sticking out of its tongue.  The teacher started to spit out lots of bumps.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I threw some pens at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a cat ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  The airport suddenly showed me several mice.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the bed.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started melting.  The monster ran to a island.  The monster began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a man began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to shoot me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a dorm.  The man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the beach.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a cat shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The cat sprinted to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the bed.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and drove to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to punch me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and drove to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  I saw a grotesque manager of the island with pens all over its tongue.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  The statue began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The island suddenly said "The wooden triangles are in the metal triangle", and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant dog with pens all over its eyes.  The dog began to shake.  The dog began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dog started crumbling.  A monster showed up and began to punch me.  The dog began to grab me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small tin man with wooden squares on its mouth.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly went to a island.  I saw a enormous leader of the island with phones all over its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a manager of the dining hall began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the dining hall.  The manager of the dining hall began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  A dinosaur appeared and started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the dining hall.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of spikes.  The manager of the dining hall began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The bed suddenly whispered "The bags are in the cat"  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I was crumbling in a bright airport, and I began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly ran to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and showed me several bugs.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something great.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with photos sticking out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me stated "The fires are in the spike"  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of insects.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to melt.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The tin man ran to a classroom.  The tin man walked to a church.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a green bed, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started to spit out lots of ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the bed.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike dorm, and I wasn't worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  A cat showed up and showed me several bags.  The cat began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The cat began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the bed.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a statue slowly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The statue began to throw some ices at me.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

A person who looked just like me showed up and stated "The logs are in the mouse"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The person who looked just like me went to a island.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a tin man absent-mindedly melting.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  A leader of the island appeared and ran to a church.  The island suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The church suddenly walked to a bed.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and showed me several logs.  The teacher whispered "The cats are in the log"  The teacher drove to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  A statue came out of nowhere and walked to a beach.  The teacher sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of lavas.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the bed.  A scarecrow showed up and began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The bed suddenly ran to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with logs everywhere.  The airport suddenly drove to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the airport.  The scene changed to a house, with a dog quickly melting.  The airport suddenly said "The metal squares are in the insect"  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur walked to a basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the island.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous teacher with cats on its tongue.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The teacher began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I saw a massive monster with photos all over its feet.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dinosaur began to punch me.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a tiny man with pencils coming out of its eyes.  The man gave me some fruit.  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a leader of the beach went to a basement of a dorm.  The leader of the beach began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the basement of a dorm.  I saw a futuristic cat with lavas all over its face.  The basement of a dorm suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and began to kick me.  The cat started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me quickly melting.  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  A statue appeared and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pens are in the bag" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me drove to a island.  The person who looked just like me went to a bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with wooden triangles all over its mouth.  The person who looked just like me drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a obscure teacher with ices on its feet.  The teacher began to shake.  The teacher began to punch me, but I screamed at it "This is a little graceful"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  I saw a large tin man with insects all over its mouth.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The airport suddenly walked to a church.  The tin man shrunk in height into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with ices everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the dining hall.  A monster showed up and started to spit out lots of dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The monster began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the dining hall.  A teacher showed up and stated "Why are you so small?"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and drove to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I whispered "This is somewhat grotesque"  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly went to a bed.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque airport, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the island.  The island suddenly went to a house, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue cat with ices all over its face.  The cat began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The cat began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a futuristic monster with phones on its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the bed.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The monster shook into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a small church, and I said "I want to shake"  The church suddenly whispered "The mice are in the dog"  The church suddenly said "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  The basement of a airport suddenly showed me several fires.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with cars everywhere.  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant monster with ices all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The monster began to punch me.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a hideous cat with ices on its face.  The cat began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The cat began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake", and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a man began to melt.  The man began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat tiny"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  The man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue cat with dogs all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly like I had accomplished something great for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster absent-mindedly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a basement of a beach, and I began to melt.  The basement of a basement of a beach suddenly gave me some pens.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the basement of a basement of a basement of a beach.  The scarecrow showed me several phones, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue person who looked just like me with pens coming out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt slightly angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  A tin man showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the airport.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bugs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the church.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a statue slowly melting.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  The statue began to throw some logs at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something terrible.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The bumps are in the bug"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of logs.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The teacher began to slap me.  The scene changed to a church, with a man carefully shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I saw a small scarecrow with cars on its feet.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The church suddenly stated "Why are you so small?"  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a monster began to yell at me.  The monster began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the classroom.  I saw a bright dog with logs all over its back.  The dog began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the classroom.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

I was shaking in a towering classroom, and I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the photo"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I began to grow much larger.  The basement of a church suddenly gave me some mice.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the church, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a beach.  The island suddenly began to melt.  The island suddenly gave me some bugs.  I saw a small leader of the beach with bumps sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to throw some insects at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The man went to a classroom.  The man started shrinking in height.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green cat with bugs coming out of its feet.  The cat began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a statue absent-mindedly melting.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I saw a red tin man with ices sticking out of its mouth.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the dining hall.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The teacher started melting.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the church.  The church suddenly went to a basement of a basement of a bed.  The teacher melted into the ground.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the house.  I saw a bright teacher with pens all over its legs.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

A dinosaur appeared and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I threw some spikes at it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I saw a hideous cat with bags coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to throw some ices at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The dinosaur began to jump over me.  The house suddenly went to a airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous tin man with metal squares on its mouth.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The tin man started to spit out lots of mice.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me carefully growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The tin man started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a statue started shaking.  The statue showed me several phones.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The statue said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a hideous church, and I whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the church.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me slowly melting.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous for some reason.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike dog with bags coming out of its tongue.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I don't know why, but I drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the classroom.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and started shaking.  The tin man started melting.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and began to yell at me.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic monster with cars coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with wooden triangles everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the church.  The church suddenly gave me some pens.  I saw a bright dog with mice sticking out of its face.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dog began to throw some snows at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a man carefully shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scarecrow melted into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a pale church, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the church.  The church suddenly gave me some fruit.  The scene changed to a house, with a monster wildly shaking.  The monster began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange basement of a classroom with pencils everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly gave me some dogs.  I saw a large teacher with cats all over its arms.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The teacher began to melt.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a manager of the church began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the church.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dinosaur began to throw some pens at me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something wrong.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a airport.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stated "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "The snows are in the metal square", and I smiled.  

I was melting in a blue dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I wasn't concerned.  The classroom suddenly ran to a island.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur grew much larger into nothingness.  

A statue showed up and started shaking.  The statue ran to a island.  The island suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  The scene changed to a beach, with a director of the island absent-mindedly crumbling.  The statue started growing much larger.  I saw a green dog with mice all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a green house, and I felt a little worried.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "The snows are in the bug"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some pencils.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with snows everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the bed.  I saw a grotesque teacher with mice all over its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the bed.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and said "You must look inside"  The cat began to sing to me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dining hall.  The cat began to shake.  I saw a small statue with phones coming out of its face.  The cat began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous cat with pencils on its mouth.  The cat began to throw some phones at me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The cat began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic cat with pencils on its tongue.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The cat whispered "The cars are in the insect"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant man with bumps coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some logs at me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a church.  The man showed me several metal triangles.  I saw a towering tin man with insects coming out of its feet.  The basement of a church suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a graceful monster with fruit all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The monster began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me sprinted to a beach.  The person who looked just like me gave me some phones.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  A cat appeared and started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the beach.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I threw some metal triangles at it and ran away.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and drove to a beach.  The monster began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the beach.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dog carefully melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering monster with mice all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The monster began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with photos sticking out of its legs.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a house, with a monster carefully growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the house.  The monster melted into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of photos.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some bugs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the dining hall.  I saw a bright dinosaur with spikes on its mouth.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the dining hall.  The man shook into the ground.  

I saw a pleasant monster with logs all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The monster began to punch me, but I threw some fires at it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  The church suddenly walked to a basement of a basement of a airport.  I saw a futuristic statue with metal triangles on its legs.  The basement of a basement of a airport suddenly went to a basement of a classroom.  The monster began to throw some photos at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something wrong.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a massive island, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the island.  I saw a green dinosaur with ices sticking out of its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the island.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a small island, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The island suddenly shouted "Why are you so small?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the island.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The house suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a tin man started melting.  The island suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the island.  The tin man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and began to grab me.  The cat started to spit out lots of mice.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't afraid.  The church suddenly went to a beach.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a bed.  The cat began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a classroom.  The bed suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the bed.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a man wildly melting.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and gave me some dogs.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me walked to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The monster began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the classroom.  The monster began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something wrong.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and drove to a dining hall.  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The statue sprinted to a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I whispered "This is very towering"  The statue started to spit out lots of cats.  A manager of the dining hall appeared and began to grow much larger.  The manager of the dining hall started melting.  The manager of the dining hall whispered "The logs are in the lava"  The statue began to jump over me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue man with fires on its tongue.  The man began to melt.  The man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The man began to grow much larger.  I saw a bright manager of the bed with bumps coming out of its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the bed.  The bed suddenly walked to a airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a airport.  The dorm suddenly went to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A monster appeared and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the airport.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

A man came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is somewhat grotesque" for some reason.  The man started melting.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man wildly shrinking in height.  The man showed me several fires.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a church.  The church suddenly ran to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the airport.  I saw a grotesque man with ices on its legs.  The church suddenly gave me some bags.  The man drove to a basement of a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shaking in a tiny airport, and I wasn't worried.  The airport suddenly gave me some bugs.  The airport suddenly began to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the airport.  The bed suddenly stated "The lavas are in the metal triangle", and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure tin man with fruit coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so obscure?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't scared.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The tin man gave me some pens.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant monster with mice all over its tongue.  The monster began to stand on me.  The monster began to smack me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a man slowly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue dinosaur with mice coming out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dinosaur crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a pleasant monster with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  The monster sprinted to a dining hall.  The monster went to a dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started shaking.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The monster began to yell at me.  The monster melted into thin air.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The scarecrow drove to a house.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and drove to a church.  The cat began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the church.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher carefully growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the church.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The pencils are in the cat"  

A scarecrow appeared and began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow stated "The metal squares are in the phone"  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of insects.  The scene changed to a island, with a person who looked just like me slowly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the island.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I saw a massive statue with bugs coming out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The bed suddenly began to throw some photos at me.  A statue appeared and began to crumble.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The statue shook into the ground.  

I saw a enormous tin man with pencils sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very huge" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The statue stated "The wooden triangles are in the metal triangle"  The statue began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small statue with logs sticking out of its eyes.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The statue began to smack me.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a manager of the basement of a church wildly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the church.  I saw a tiny dinosaur with photos coming out of its tongue.  The church suddenly stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with bugs sticking out of its legs.  The dinosaur began to slap me.  The dinosaur began to shake.  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a person who looked just like me wildly shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some pens at me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  I saw a childlike scarecrow with bags sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly ran to a classroom.  The dinosaur grew much larger into nothingness.  

A statue showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  A cat showed up and shouted "That sucks"  The statue whispered "The cats are in the bag"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The dog started shaking.  The dog began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with fruit all over its face.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The scarecrow whispered "Why are you so childlike?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

A scarecrow showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some pens at me.  A director of the beach came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of pencils.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

A cat came out of nowhere and drove to a bed.  The cat began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the bed.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue carefully growing much larger.  The airport suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny man with pencils sticking out of its feet.  The man shouted "Why are you so tiny?"  The man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The man started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with photos sticking out of its face.  The dinosaur began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a monster started crumbling.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher wildly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the island.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a monster drove to a basement of a house.  The monster showed me several dogs.  The monster began to take a photo of me.  I saw a bright director of the church with lavas coming out of its arms.  The director of the church whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly began to shake.  The monster crumbled into the ground.  

A man appeared and gave me some lavas.  The man began to jump over me.  The man began to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shake.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a childlike classroom, and I heard a voice say "The pens are in the insect"  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified for some reason.  The scene changed to a house, with a dog slowly shaking.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The house suddenly went to a dorm.  The dog began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with snows coming out of its arms.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something helpful.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher absent-mindedly melting.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a large man with pencils all over its face.  The church suddenly showed me several mice.  The man ran to a beach.  The scarecrow shook into thin air.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with snows everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to kick me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat carefully crumbling.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly ran to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some dogs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dorm.  A monster showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly said "Why are you so bright?"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I saw a small dog with mice coming out of its tongue.  The dog started to spit out lots of cats.  The dog stated "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a bed, with a leader of the bed absent-mindedly melting.  The leader of the bed sprinted to a island.  A statue appeared and started growing much larger.  The island suddenly began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the airport.  The classroom suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I stated "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and started to spit out lots of cars.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The tin man began to grow much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the log" thinking this would help.  I saw a tiny cat with dogs all over its feet.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The cat drove to a bed.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The dog began to grow much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a beach.  The dog started shrinking in height.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and gave me some snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The metal triangles are in the dog" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the basement of a beach.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I saw a graceful teacher with fires sticking out of its feet.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The teacher went to a airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  A cat came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and started melting.  The teacher drove to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red dog with bumps sticking out of its legs.  The dog began to kick me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The dog started shrinking in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dog began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with fires all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous statue with wooden triangles all over its face.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog slowly crumbling.  The beach suddenly whispered "The mice are in the insect"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the dorm.  I saw a large person who looked just like me with glass squares sticking out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very nervous for some reason.  The man sprinted to a island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The man stated "You must look inside"  The man gave me some pens.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and ran to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the beach.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly gave me some bags.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

I was shrinking in height in a tiny basement of a bed, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly gave me some logs.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly melting.  The person who looked just like me shouted "The mice are in the wooden triangle"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with pens everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the dining hall.  I saw a childlike teacher with ices coming out of its mouth.  The teacher whispered "That sucks"  The teacher began to shoot me.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a red beach, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous scarecrow with insects coming out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I said "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the basement of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the basement of a house.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to smack me.  The tin man started melting.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly said "Why are you so grotesque?"  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The statue started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the fruit" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue man with bags coming out of its tongue.  The man began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the dorm.  The man began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous scarecrow with bugs sticking out of its eyes.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the airport.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and showed me several dogs.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a dorm.  The scarecrow ran to a church.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

A man showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  The man began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  The man began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt a little terrified.  The man began to melt.  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with fruit on its legs.  The classroom suddenly ran to a beach.  The man drove to a island.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The tin man began to throw some spikes at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with cats everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly said "Why are you so bright?"  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with logs everywhere.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the classroom.  I saw a red dog with insects on its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous thinking this would help.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a statue showed me several insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the airport.  I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with fires coming out of its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and gave me some cars.  The cat began to smack me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a director of the classroom carefully shaking.  The director of the classroom sprinted to a basement of a dorm.  I saw a grotesque monster with metal triangles all over its face.  The basement of a dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  The cat began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright tin man with fruit on its back.  The tin man walked to a basement of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly went to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The dogs are in the bump"  

A man showed up and started shaking.  The man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very futuristic" for some reason.  The man began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The man crumbled into nothingness.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of cars.  The cat shouted "The metal squares are in the photo"  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I felt strangely like I had done something wrong.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the bed.  I saw a tiny monster with bags all over its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue person who looked just like me with bumps on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the house.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and ran to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the island.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

A teacher appeared and showed me several lavas.  The teacher ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly gave me some bugs.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  A statue appeared and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry thinking this would help.  The teacher began to jump over me.  The statue crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a graceful teacher with pencils on its tongue.  The teacher began to smack me, but I threw some snows at it and ran away.  The teacher began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I drove to a island.  The teacher began to grab me.  I saw a pleasant monster with cats all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and went to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the island.  The cat walked to a beach.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a tin man absent-mindedly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The tin man stated "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a red beach, and I shouted "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the beach.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  A cat appeared and showed me several pens.  The cat started shaking.  The cat started melting.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I saw a massive man with cars on its back.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The tin man ran to a beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt very like I had done something great.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

A monster appeared and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry thinking this would help.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a bed.  The monster whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The monster started melting.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and walked to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a church, and I shouted "I want to melt"  The basement of a church suddenly showed me several photos.  A scarecrow appeared and sprinted to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive teacher with bugs sticking out of its legs.  The teacher began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  The teacher started crumbling.  The teacher grew much larger into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a man began to crumble.  The dorm suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the dorm.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  The man began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The man went to a dorm.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur quickly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the dorm.  I saw a towering leader of the dining hall with cars all over its arms.  The dorm suddenly began to kick me.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with pens everywhere.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the beach.  A dog showed up and started growing much larger.  The dog showed me several photos.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and started growing much larger.  The tin man showed me several spikes.  The tin man started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the dorm.  I saw a massive manager of the dorm with snows coming out of its eyes.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the dorm.  The tin man shrunk in height into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange basement of a classroom with spikes everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the classroom.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and went to a dining hall.  The dinosaur shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the classroom.  The dinosaur grew much larger into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with pens everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The scene changed to a church, with a man carefully shaking.  The man began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the bed.  The bed suddenly drove to a house, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a beach when all of a sudden a director of the basement of a beach stated "Hey man, it happens"  The director of the basement of a beach began to stand on me.  The director of the basement of a beach stated "That sucks"  I saw a pale cat with fruit all over its feet.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure statue with fires on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The statue began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with cats everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The island suddenly began to jump over me.  A statue came out of nowhere and sprinted to a house.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The island suddenly ran to a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a hideous house, and I felt a little relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The house suddenly said "Why are you so hideous?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the house.  The house suddenly sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the house, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and walked to a basement of a basement of a church.  The man went to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow ran to a dorm.  The basement of a church suddenly showed me several metal squares.  The scarecrow gave me some photos.  I saw a small dinosaur with snows all over its mouth.  The basement of a church suddenly started growing much larger.  The basement of a church suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with ices everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The photos are in the cat" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant dog with wooden squares coming out of its mouth.  The dog began to melt.  The dog began to kick me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a bed, with a director of the bed wildly shaking.  The director of the bed began to crumble.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the dorm.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I saw a huge dog with fires all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic cat with bugs coming out of its face.  The cat ran to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the church.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a man began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the beach.  The beach suddenly showed me several fires.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A teacher showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The teacher sprinted to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I began to shrink in height.  The church suddenly began to shake.  A cat appeared and started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the basement of a dorm.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The monster stated "Why are you so huge?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to crumble.  The monster began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The monster gave me some fires.  The monster grew much larger into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a airport.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely content for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with phones everywhere.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the airport.  I saw a childlike teacher with dogs coming out of its legs.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  The airport suddenly began to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a monster started crumbling.  The house suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  I saw a grotesque statue with fires on its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the house.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the island.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the island.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and stated "That sucks"  The monster began to throw some dogs at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The monster started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to grow much larger.  The monster said "You must look inside"  I saw a towering teacher with glass triangles all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to grab me.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a red monster with fires on its back.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The monster stated "The logs are in the bag"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly shouted "The photos are in the spike"  The monster began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with snows everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I saw a grotesque teacher with bugs coming out of its legs.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with lavas on its tongue.  The scarecrow sprinted to a dorm.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a large monster with bags sticking out of its face.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The monster started shaking.  I don't know why, but I drove to a house.  The monster began to grab me.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the house.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a leader of the classroom began to punch me.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  The leader of the classroom began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  A statue appeared and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the classroom.  The leader of the classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man sprinted to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the dining hall.  The tin man started melting.  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with photos on its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The tin man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat grotesque"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The fruit are in the photo"  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a statue began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The statue started to spit out lots of pencils.  A manager of the basement of a bed showed up and started to spit out lots of cats.  The basement of a bed suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the basement of a bed.  The statue grew much larger into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a towering dining hall, and I felt strangely like I had done something satisfying.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a dog showed me several lavas.  The house suddenly went to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the dorm.  A manager of the dorm came out of nowhere and stated "Why are you so tiny?"  The dog began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The dog started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with cats everywhere.  The bed suddenly walked to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge man with logs coming out of its legs.  The man said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a director of the beach wildly melting.  The director of the beach began to stand on me, but I threw some dogs at it and ran away.  The director of the beach started growing much larger.  The director of the beach shrunk in height into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with metal triangles everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  A manager of the beach came out of nowhere and walked to a dining hall.  The manager of the beach began to crumble.  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  The manager of the beach shrunk in height into thin air.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of dogs.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat slowly melting.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "The fruit are in the glass triangle"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  The dinosaur stated "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I shouted "Hello?"  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The bugs are in the insect"  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque church, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the church.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green man with snows sticking out of its feet.  The man began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The man began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the spike"  The man began to grow much larger.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the house.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The classroom suddenly ran to a dining hall.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and sprinted to a island.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly showed me several logs.  I saw a massive dog with pencils all over its mouth.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dog began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely tiny"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely massive"  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of pencils.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the house.  A monster showed up and started melting.  The house suddenly ran to a basement of a church.  The monster went to a dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue monster with cats on its tongue.  The monster began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The monster went to a house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "The logs are in the metal triangle"  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  I saw a enormous tin man with pens on its feet.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and showed me several fruit.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The teacher whispered "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and whispered "The photos are in the log"  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me ran to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  The person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me gave me some ices.  The person who looked just like me melted into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a bright beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I saw a childlike man with pens all over its tongue.  The man walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  The man shook into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me ran to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale dinosaur with dogs sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the house.  A cat showed up and started to spit out lots of pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the house.  The dinosaur said "You must look inside"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a hideous classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the classroom.  A man appeared and showed me several metal triangles.  The man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The classroom suddenly showed me several fires.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a manager of the dining hall began to shrink in height.  The manager of the dining hall began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The manager of the dining hall began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I saw a massive teacher with lavas all over its face.  The dining hall suddenly said "The phones are in the bump"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the dining hall saying "The insects are in the mouse"  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little small" for some reason.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque island, and I felt strangely nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the island.  The island suddenly ran to a airport.  A cat showed up and began to crumble.  The cat stated "The lavas are in the spike"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with insects everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I whispered "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large tin man with metal triangles on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster absent-mindedly crumbling.  The monster started to spit out lots of bugs.  I saw a obscure scarecrow with pens coming out of its back.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The monster began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a church.  The beach suddenly began to throw some spikes at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious thinking this would help.  A man showed up and sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The man shook into the ground.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a island.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the house.  The scene changed to a church, with a dog wildly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the church.  The dog ran to a beach.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic monster with mice on its tongue.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dog quickly shaking.  The dog began to sing to me.  The classroom suddenly gave me some metal triangles.  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a futuristic scarecrow with fruit on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  A monster showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the church.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of lavas.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

A statue showed up and started shaking.  The statue began to crumble.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and drove to a house.  The cat started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The cat melted into the ground.  

I saw a huge monster with phones coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is somewhat green" for some reason.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and started to spit out lots of fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The cat began to throw some fires at me, but I screamed at it "This is a little tiny"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a hideous bed, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the bed.  The bed suddenly showed me several pens.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  The bed suddenly gave me some wooden squares.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small tin man with phones sticking out of its toes.  The tin man began to throw some wooden squares at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "This is a little childlike"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red dog with fires coming out of its face.  The dog began to smack me, but I screamed at it "This is a little huge"  The dog began to throw some cats at me, but I screamed at it "This is a little massive"  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dorm.  The dog began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red monster with photos all over its toes.  The monster walked to a church.  The monster began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a grotesque teacher with pens sticking out of its back.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the classroom.  The church suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The teacher drove to a church.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The ices are in the bug"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and went to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The teacher ran to a beach.  The teacher shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a small teacher with bumps all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the pen" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  A man appeared and gave me some dogs.  The man gave me some bags.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the airport.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green statue with insects all over its face.  The statue began to punch me.  The statue began to grab me, but I shouted at it "This is a little large"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly whispered "Why are you so green?"  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright man with lavas sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The man began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The beach suddenly walked to a basement of a bed.  A man appeared and sprinted to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The basement of a bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and sprinted to a airport.  The airport suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the airport.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat carefully shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly drove to a island.  I saw a small dog with bumps all over its eyes.  The island suddenly went to a dorm.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The logs are in the pencil"  

I saw a bright monster with bumps sticking out of its back.  The monster started growing much larger.  The monster began to jump over me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the dorm.  The monster began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something satisfying.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur gave me some bags.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "The mice are in the phone"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to crumble" for some reason.  I saw a futuristic tin man with phones on its tongue.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The tin man stated "Why are you so futuristic?"  The house suddenly began to kick me, and I smiled.  

I saw a small dog with logs on its tongue.  The dog began to jump over me.  The dog began to stand on me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster quickly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  The monster gave me some spikes, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and showed me several insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified for some reason.  The man began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  A tin man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the dorm.  The tin man grew much larger into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with metal triangles everywhere.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful tin man with mice sticking out of its back.  The tin man began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The tin man said "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and gave me some cats.  The monster started to spit out lots of insects.  The monster gave me some pens.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

A monster showed up and stated "That sucks"  The monster began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely childlike"  The monster began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The monster began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dining hall.  The man began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I went to a bed.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man showed me several insects.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A person who looked just like me showed up and whispered "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dog showed up and started melting.  The dog began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some bugs at me.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and gave me some insects.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dinosaur sprinted to a beach.  The dining hall suddenly said "The bags are in the fire"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I shouted at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with dogs all over its mouth.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I screamed at it "This is a little red"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The wooden triangles are in the pencil"  

I was shaking in a enormous beach, and I began to shrink in height.  The beach suddenly went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a airport, and I stated "What's going on?"  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the basement of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the basement of a airport, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher started shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly stated "The metal triangles are in the fire"  The teacher began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I saw a pleasant statue with pens coming out of its legs.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some phones at me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a blue airport, and I stated "This is very pale"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I said "I want to crumble"  The dining hall suddenly began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and ran to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The church suddenly showed me several fruit.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The statue said "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the airport.  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a man started melting.  The island suddenly began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the cat" thinking this would help.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog came out of nowhere and walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a dog began to shake.  The dog started melting.  The beach suddenly began to sing to me.  I saw a small monster with pencils coming out of its feet.  The monster showed me several wooden triangles.  The beach suddenly showed me several mice.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some insects.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of photos.  The scarecrow ran to a church, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a man whispered "The lavas are in the insect"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The man started to spit out lots of mice.  A teacher came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  The man showed me several fruit.  The man began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The teacher melted into nothingness.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow said "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the church.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "This is very blue"  A dog showed up and began to kick me.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the church.  The scarecrow melted into thin air.  

A cat appeared and began to stand on me.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  The cat began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The classroom suddenly walked to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red cat with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The cat began to crumble.  The teacher began to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly ran to a church.  A director of the church showed up and gave me some photos.  The church suddenly gave me some pens.  The island suddenly shouted "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The statue started crumbling.  The scene changed to a house, with a leader of the house wildly shaking.  The house suddenly sprinted to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the church.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a leader of the dining hall walked to a island.  The leader of the dining hall began to throw some snows at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The leader of the dining hall began to shoot me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dinosaur wildly crumbling.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur said "The cats are in the cat"  The leader of the dining hall continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a tin man gave me some spikes.  The church suddenly said "That sucks"  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  A statue appeared and began to crumble.  The statue began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The statue gave me some cats.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and whispered "The wooden triangles are in the mouse"  The dog gave me some pencils.  The dog began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The cats are in the glass triangle"  

I saw a huge dog with phones on its mouth.  The dog began to crumble.  The dog began to shake.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a beach.  The dog walked to a airport.  A cat came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The dog began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the beach.  The dog crumbled into the ground.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The man started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly began to throw some fires at me.  The teacher gave me some ices.  The dorm suddenly gave me some fruit, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with cars sticking out of its arms.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  A dinosaur showed up and stated "Why are you so pale?"  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and walked to a island.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with metal triangles coming out of its back.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The dinosaur drove to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to melt.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the fruit" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and went to a house.  The tin man showed me several ices.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The tin man began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of snows.  The classroom suddenly stated "The logs are in the glass triangle"  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a blue teacher with bumps all over its feet.  The teacher began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The glass triangles are in the snow"  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man said "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to throw some logs at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the classroom.  A teacher appeared and walked to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the airport.  The tin man said "The fires are in the bump"  The teacher melted into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with snows everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started melting.  I saw a red teacher with pens sticking out of its mouth.  The bed suddenly said "Why are you so red?"  The teacher began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a hideous scarecrow with phones all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason.  The scarecrow started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cars are in the log" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow whispered "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the basement of a classroom.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster wildly growing much larger.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started melting.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange basement of a island with pencils everywhere.  The basement of a island suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the basement of a island.  I saw a pleasant monster with insects sticking out of its face.  The monster shouted "The wooden squares are in the metal triangle"  The island suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to shake.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous statue with pens coming out of its back.  The statue went to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the bed.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I saw a grotesque manager of the bed with photos sticking out of its legs.  The statue began to melt.  The statue began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a teacher gave me some photos.  The teacher gave me some mice.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "What's going on?"  The house suddenly shouted "Why are you so small?"  The teacher began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The teacher melted into nothingness.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The cat started shaking.  The cat began to slap me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a manager of the classroom absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The manager of the classroom went to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the classroom saying "The bugs are in the pencil"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to throw some logs at me.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The dog began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale teacher with cars all over its toes.  The teacher stated "The pencils are in the bug"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was melting in a enormous beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the beach.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me quickly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the beach.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "This is very bright"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a monster gave me some phones.  The island suddenly walked to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering cat with photos all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The cat began to stand on me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The cat showed me several mice.  The cat ran to a bed.  The cat began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant monster with bumps sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of logs.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly crumbling.  The church suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  A teacher showed up and stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a cat stated "Hey man, it happens"  The cat began to crumble.  The cat began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I saw a tiny director of the classroom with logs sticking out of its legs.  The classroom suddenly began to jump over me.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  The last thing I remember is the director of the classroom saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

I was growing much larger in a green house, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a scarecrow quickly shrinking in height.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the church.  The bed suddenly walked to a dining hall.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and whispered "The fires are in the dog"  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a manager of the church began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the church.  The manager of the church gave me some insects.  I saw a blue dog with dogs all over its feet.  The church suddenly began to shake.  The dog began to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the church saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a bright cat with cars all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the bag" for some reason.  The cat began to grow much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the house.  A dog showed up and gave me some mice.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The cat began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a bright house, and I stopped being afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the house.  I saw a huge dog with fruit on its legs.  The dog began to shoot me.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a obscure dog with photos all over its tongue.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dog began to throw some pens at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster slowly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and gave me some phones.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with fires everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  A scarecrow appeared and began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and began to crumble.  The cat began to yell at me.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The cat grew much larger into the ground.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster began to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a teacher started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the basement of a island.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the basement of a island.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a bright beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so bright?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The beach suddenly began to jump over me.  The dorm suddenly drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous monster with pens coming out of its back.  The monster shouted "The spikes are in the bump"  The monster began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with lavas everywhere.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red scarecrow with lavas coming out of its legs.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with cars everywhere.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't concerned.  The dorm suddenly ran to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The dorm suddenly began to melt, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and stated "The bags are in the bug"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified thinking this would help.  The man whispered "The snows are in the spike"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and said "You must look inside"  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some insects at me.  The statue drove to a dorm.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the dorm.  The statue gave me some spikes.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with dogs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  The dining hall suddenly stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  A man appeared and drove to a island.  The man sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with fires all over its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the dining hall.  I saw a towering dinosaur with cars sticking out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very like I had accomplished something great for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The tin man began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stated "That sucks"  The tin man showed me several lavas.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  The tin man grew much larger into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a airport.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the house.  I saw a tiny scarecrow with wooden squares on its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the airport.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "This is very red"  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a man quickly growing much larger.  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The man gave me some ices.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so enormous?"  

I was melting in a childlike house, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the house.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The cat began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  The cat began to punch me.  The cat started shaking, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a bright airport, and I stopped being afraid.  The airport suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and went to a beach.  The beach suddenly gave me some cars.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shake.  The beach suddenly said "That sucks"  I saw a towering teacher with dogs sticking out of its tongue.  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the beach.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque statue with lavas on its back.  The statue began to slap me.  The statue began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the bed.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  A statue came out of nowhere and started melting.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some metal squares at me.  The church suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The monster started to spit out lots of bumps.  The monster started growing much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to shake.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I saw a graceful tin man with dogs on its feet.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  The monster began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with pens all over its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a monster began to melt.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The monster began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I saw a tiny cat with pens coming out of its eyes.  The monster began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

I saw a small man with pens all over its tongue.  The man started shaking.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and began to grab me.  The man began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I saw a green teacher with wooden squares coming out of its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the classroom.  The teacher began to punch me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to throw some metal triangles at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright monster with fires sticking out of its arms.  The monster began to jump over me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dog carefully shaking.  The monster stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The cat began to melt.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dining hall.  The cat started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so red?"  

I was shrinking in height in a red dining hall, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I saw a pleasant cat with bags all over its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The teacher began to sing to me.  The teacher began to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a airport.  The teacher began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  The teacher stated "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow showed me several cars.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a pleasant bed, and I stopped being concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly walked to a beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of pens, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to throw some insects at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The teacher started shaking.  The teacher began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  I don't know why, but I walked to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the church.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

A dinosaur appeared and went to a classroom.  The dinosaur drove to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with insects sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very bright" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I saw a futuristic man with dogs sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The house suddenly began to smack me.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a tin man started to spit out lots of fires.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  The tin man began to punch me.  I saw a huge dog with bugs all over its legs.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with insects everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a house, with a cat carefully shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the house.  The cat began to stand on me.  The cat shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a tiny tin man with ices on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The tin man began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to shake.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow went to a bed.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely pale"  The scarecrow sprinted to a basement of a beach.  A dog showed up and began to crumble.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge man with mice coming out of its arms.  The man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man said "You must look inside"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a obscure classroom, and I said "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the classroom.  The scene changed to a island, with a dog quickly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason.  The dog shouted "The cats are in the lava"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

I was shaking in a obscure island, and I stated "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had accomplished something terrible for some reason.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  A teacher came out of nowhere and gave me some glass squares.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The bumps are in the insect"  

I saw a grotesque teacher with glass squares coming out of its tongue.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly ran to a island.  I saw a hideous dog with spikes all over its toes.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  The teacher stated "Why are you so hideous?"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  I saw a red man with insects coming out of its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the beach.  The beach suddenly shouted "Why are you so tiny?"  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a small island, and I whispered "This is very pleasant"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the island.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge monster with mice coming out of its toes.  The monster started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so huge?"  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue began to shrink in height.  The statue began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the dining hall.  A monster appeared and gave me some dogs.  The statue began to shake.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a towering classroom, and I began to melt.  The island suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several bumps.  A teacher came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a huge statue with fruit all over its legs.  The statue began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The statue walked to a beach.  The statue shook into the ground.  

I saw a massive dinosaur with photos coming out of its back.  The dinosaur began to grab me.  The dinosaur began to jump over me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man started melting.  The tin man sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the classroom.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow wildly growing much larger.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  The classroom suddenly drove to a dorm.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and began to jump over me.  The dog began to yell at me.  The dog sprinted to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a house, with a scarecrow quickly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the house.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The dog melted into thin air.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow whispered "The fires are in the mouse"  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the airport.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shaking in a basement of a beach when all of a sudden a scarecrow shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't concerned.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The scarecrow said "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I was shaking in a grotesque dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a island.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  I saw a enormous scarecrow with pens coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with cats everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the dining hall.  I saw a massive dinosaur with insects coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with spikes sticking out of its legs.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of phones.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dog absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The dog began to throw some fires at me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  A teacher appeared and drove to a island.  The dog began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a large statue with bags sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to shake.  The statue said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue absent-mindedly melting.  The statue sprinted to a classroom.  A scarecrow showed up and said "The fruit are in the dog"  The man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The statue went to a house.  The airport suddenly began to slap me, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with cats everywhere.  The beach suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me slowly shaking.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me melted into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a towering beach, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  I don't know why, but I drove to a house.  The house suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  The house suddenly went to a airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue monster with bugs all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?" thinking this would help.  The monster stated "You must look inside"  The monster crumbled into nothingness.  

I was shaking in a massive beach, and I felt a little worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the beach.  A monster appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The monster ran to a island.  The beach suddenly went to a classroom.  The monster grew much larger into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the classroom.  The basement of a bed suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  The bed suddenly gave me some photos, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and started crumbling.  The tin man began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The tin man began to slap me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The dog began to shrink in height.  I don't know why, but I drove to a airport.  The dog began to sing to me.  A leader of the airport appeared and stated "The snows are in the wooden triangle"  The dog sprinted to a classroom.  The airport suddenly went to a bed.  The leader of the airport continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and showed me several fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the island, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  I saw a bright teacher with mice on its tongue.  The teacher began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue carefully growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The statue began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny teacher with logs all over its feet.  The teacher said "Why are you so tiny?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a airport, with a leader of the airport slowly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the airport.  A person who looked just like me showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me gave me some photos.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The bags are in the cat"  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the classroom.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of pencils.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher slowly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly drove to a beach.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a house.  The house suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dog carefully crumbling.  The church suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat blue"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bags everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the ice" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the church.  I saw a hideous tin man with fires all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The tin man showed me several logs.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure dinosaur with fruit sticking out of its eyes.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had done something terrible thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the church.  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with lavas all over its arms.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the island.  The classroom suddenly went to a dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a small scarecrow with cats on its arms.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the bed.  A director of the bed showed up and ran to a classroom.  The scarecrow began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and began to shoot me.  The cat sprinted to a dorm.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a island.  The cat began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The cat began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The cat stated "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and showed me several dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I threw some logs at it and ran away.  A monster appeared and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with bumps coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified for some reason.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I saw a bright tin man with bags on its arms.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  The tin man walked to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue wildly growing much larger.  The tin man began to shake.  The statue shouted "The fires are in the pen"  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a small beach, and I wasn't afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the island.  I saw a bright dog with ices on its face.  The island suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  The dog melted into the ground.  

I saw a small dinosaur with insects on its face.  The dinosaur began to throw some glass triangles at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange island with bags everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the basement of a island.  The island suddenly shouted "The bumps are in the metal triangle"  I saw a towering statue with ices sticking out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the island.  The statue began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny man with pens coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a director of the bed carefully shaking.  The bed suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I saw a red monster with phones coming out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the bed.  The director of the bed shook into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant statue with cars on its tongue.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The statue began to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt a little content.  The statue started shrinking in height.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the airport.  The statue began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the island.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with spikes sticking out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to stand on me.  The scarecrow gave me some photos.  The scarecrow melted into nothingness.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little worried.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the dining hall.  A scarecrow showed up and said "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the dining hall.  The dinosaur shouted "The phones are in the bag"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the basement of a island.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man wildly melting.  The airport suddenly drove to a basement of a basement of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

A statue showed up and began to grow much larger.  The statue walked to a church.  The church suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a teacher absent-mindedly shaking.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the church, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and walked to a beach.  The man began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the car" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "That sucks"  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a teacher gave me some pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The teacher walked to a airport.  I saw a childlike cat with logs on its feet.  The teacher said "You must look inside"  The cat stated "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The photos are in the car"  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque dog with pencils on its tongue.  The dog began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  The dog shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to smack me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a statue started shaking.  The statue began to smack me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The statue shouted "You must look inside"  I saw a graceful cat with bumps coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The cat began to crumble.  The cat whispered "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a pleasant airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly walked to a island.  A statue came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The statue began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The beach suddenly stated "That sucks"  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright monster with pens on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The monster whispered "Why are you so bright?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow started to spit out lots of fruit.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  The church suddenly stated "The spikes are in the pencil"  A man showed up and shouted "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to throw some fires at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some ices at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive monster with photos all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with pens everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly drove to a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive man with insects all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The man sprinted to a dorm.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster slowly crumbling.  The man began to shake.  A tin man appeared and started melting.  The dorm suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a large dog with photos on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  I saw a futuristic statue with snows coming out of its tongue.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the photo" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the beach.  I saw a graceful manager of the island with metal triangles sticking out of its arms.  The manager of the island stated "Why are you so towering?"  The manager of the island began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The manager of the island continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a childlike church, and I wasn't concerned.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A leader of the church appeared and walked to a basement of a bed.  The leader of the church began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The leader of the church began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with cats on its feet.  The scarecrow shouted "Why are you so graceful?"  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of spikes.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several dogs.  I saw a bright monster with fruit all over its arms.  The scarecrow began to throw some bags at me.  The monster began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a tiny teacher with fruit sticking out of its feet.  The teacher started melting.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the house.  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with photos all over its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the house.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The basement of a house suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the church.  The church suddenly went to a dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the bed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the beach.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a massive airport, and I felt slightly nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the airport.  The airport suddenly drove to a basement of a bed.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me wildly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me showed me several cars.  The bed suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue teacher with pencils sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The teacher began to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with lavas everywhere.  The house suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shake.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright teacher with spikes sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The teacher stated "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The pencils are in the metal square"  

I was shaking in a futuristic house, and I wasn't concerned.  The house suddenly shouted "The cats are in the bug"  The house suddenly showed me several cars.  I don't know why, but I drove to a airport.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure monster with cars sticking out of its tongue.  The monster began to throw some bags at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The monster began to punch me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a island, with a manager of the island absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The monster began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  A scarecrow appeared and walked to a church.  The manager of the island began to stand on me.  The manager of the island began to shrink in height.  The manager of the island grew much larger into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with dogs everywhere.  The airport suddenly showed me several bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the airport.  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with lavas on its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me showed me several insects.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright teacher with cars on its legs.  The teacher whispered "You must look inside"  The teacher began to shake.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a basement of a island.  The teacher gave me some mice.  I saw a massive monster with metal triangles sticking out of its eyes.  The basement of a island suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  The basement of a island suddenly gave me some bags.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is a little grotesque"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a island.  The island suddenly began to throw some logs at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man ran to a beach.  The man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The man began to grab me.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The man shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a blue tin man with insects all over its eyes.  The tin man began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a leader of the classroom absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the classroom.  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny statue with cats all over its tongue.  The statue ran to a dining hall.  The statue started melting.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The statue began to take a photo of me.  I saw a pale dog with photos sticking out of its feet.  The statue sprinted to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a church.  The cat began to punch me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "The photos are in the insect"  The cat stated "The snows are in the mouse"  A scarecrow appeared and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  The cat sprinted to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the dorm.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly ran to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The cat began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster slowly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the classroom.  A tin man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The monster began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The monster grew much larger into thin air.  

A cat appeared and went to a house.  The cat began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the house, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a statue drove to a dining hall.  The statue began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The statue began to shoot me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and sprinted to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous man with lavas coming out of its toes.  The man began to throw some photos at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The man began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?"  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The man began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  The airport suddenly drove to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and stated "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly started melting.  I saw a tiny scarecrow with fruit sticking out of its mouth.  The house suddenly began to stand on me.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  The island suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the island.  I saw a large monster with bugs sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely content thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the island.  The monster shook into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with pencils everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the house.  A tin man appeared and began to smack me.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The statue sprinted to a church.  The statue began to kick me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely green"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The statue began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" for some reason.  The statue grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a bright man with phones all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The man began to throw some glass triangles at me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with fires everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the church.  The church suddenly began to melt.  I saw a childlike statue with spikes all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  The statue said "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a island.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the island.  The bed suddenly ran to a beach.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a monster began to shoot me.  The monster began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the house.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a manager of the house slowly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the island.  The house suddenly began to slap me.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the house saying "The glass triangles are in the fruit"  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with spikes everywhere.  The house suddenly ran to a church.  The house suddenly gave me some lavas.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the church, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a hideous classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  A scarecrow appeared and started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the classroom.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering man with bumps all over its tongue.  The man started crumbling.  The man began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I went to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the church.  The man started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and showed me several pens.  The person who looked just like me whispered "The fruit are in the fire"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge dinosaur with spikes all over its eyes.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur began to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I saw a towering teacher with insects on its arms.  The bed suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat green", and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant statue with dogs all over its face.  The statue drove to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the bed, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The cat showed me several mice.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous monster with bumps coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried for some reason.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike tin man with photos sticking out of its mouth.  The tin man began to yell at me.  The tin man began to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I saw a obscure tin man with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The house suddenly began to throw some fires at me.  I saw a hideous statue with snows coming out of its arms.  The tin man stated "The bugs are in the pencil"  The house suddenly gave me some cats.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with logs on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me went to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue dog with phones all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The dog whispered "That sucks"  The dog grew much larger into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a bright classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly walked to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the bed.  I saw a blue dog with spikes coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly ran to a island, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a massive church, and I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the pen"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the church.  I saw a green dog with bugs all over its eyes.  The dog showed me several bags.  The church suddenly stated "The glass squares are in the snow"  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange basement of a bed on top of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the basement of a basement of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the basement of a basement of a bed.  I saw a green person who looked just like me with metal squares coming out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The airport suddenly began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the church.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me showed me several ices.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a scarecrow stated "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly began to throw some photos at me.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being concerned.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a pleasant airport, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the airport.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I saw a green monster with snows coming out of its mouth.  The monster shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and began to throw some metal triangles at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The cat drove to a classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The cat began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the beach.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a bright bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the island.  The island suddenly said "That sucks"  A dog came out of nowhere and drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous scarecrow with ices on its arms.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the house.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow crumbled into nothingness.  

A scarecrow showed up and started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow gave me some phones.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a childlike monster with bags sticking out of its arms.  The monster began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The monster started to spit out lots of bugs.  The scene changed to a airport, with a man slowly growing much larger.  The man began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  A dog came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The dog began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The monster began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure inside the airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous statue with insects all over its back.  The statue started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  A leader of the house came out of nowhere and ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the house.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a statue began to take a photo of me.  The church suddenly sprinted to a airport.  The statue started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the church.  The church suddenly began to stand on me.  The church suddenly began to grab me, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a tin man started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church.  The church suddenly went to a classroom.  The scene changed to a airport, with a man slowly shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly said "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and walked to a basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The fires are in the snow"  The teacher began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the fruit" for some reason.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and began to grow much larger.  The statue began to shake.  The statue began to sing to me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a church.  The statue drove to a beach.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue man with pencils on its arms.  The man began to shoot me.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me gave me some photos.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of insects.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I saw a obscure dinosaur with fruit on its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with dogs all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The dinosaur began to melt.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dinosaur melted into the ground.  

A monster appeared and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The monster began to slap me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a small church, and I stated "That sucks"  The church suddenly walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly went to a airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the classroom.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and said "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me ran to a dining hall.  I don't know why, but I drove to a beach.  The beach suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a huge dog with bags on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the island.  A man showed up and began to shake.  The man began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  The house suddenly began to kick me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the church.  The church suddenly said "Why are you so pale?"  A manager of the church appeared and started melting.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The manager of the church crumbled into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man began to sing to me.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  The tin man began to crumble.  I saw a grotesque dog with bumps sticking out of its arms.  The tin man walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat bright"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange basement of a dining hall on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the dining hall.  I saw a bright monster with lavas sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had accomplished something wrong thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with photos sticking out of its back.  The person who looked just like me drove to a church.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the house.  I saw a futuristic tin man with pencils sticking out of its toes.  The tin man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a teacher started to spit out lots of snows.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The teacher went to a house.  I saw a grotesque scarecrow with insects coming out of its feet.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly started melting.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with fruit coming out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass squares at me.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

I was shaking in a futuristic airport, and I stated "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the airport.  I saw a grotesque monster with bumps coming out of its face.  The monster began to kick me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The airport suddenly began to yell at me.  The monster shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I was melting in a graceful basement of a church, and I felt very furious.  The basement of a church suddenly began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the basement of a church.  I saw a tiny director of the basement of a church with lavas coming out of its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The director of the basement of a church continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me melted into nothingness.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with ices sticking out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive statue with ices sticking out of its eyes.  The statue started crumbling.  The statue went to a dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little childlike" thinking this would help.  The statue melted into nothingness.  

I saw a childlike cat with bags all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is somewhat graceful" thinking this would help.  The cat crumbled into thin air.  

A man came out of nowhere and said "Hey man, it happens"  The man walked to a bed.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scene changed to a island, with a statue quickly shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly showed me several spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The man crumbled into nothingness.  

A dinosaur appeared and ran to a bed.  The dinosaur drove to a basement of a basement of a church.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and began to shake.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt strangely furious.  The airport suddenly began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red dog with spikes sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I drove to a basement of a dining hall.  The dog began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the basement of a dining hall.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a cat started crumbling.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The house suddenly ran to a dining hall.  The cat began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a large bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is extremely enormous" for some reason.  I saw a green person who looked just like me with bumps coming out of its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the bed.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of bugs.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with phones everywhere.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The teacher said "You must look inside"  The teacher began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I saw a obscure man with fruit sticking out of its back.  The man gave me some fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I saw a huge person who looked just like me with bags sticking out of its tongue.  The airport suddenly started melting.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The man shook into thin air.  

A teacher appeared and ran to a church.  The teacher walked to a bed.  The bed suddenly gave me some phones.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I saw a tiny statue with pens on its face.  The bed suddenly began to jump over me.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with mice on its toes.  The scarecrow shouted "The cats are in the snow"  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scarecrow gave me some cars, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue scarecrow with bumps on its tongue.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some logs at me.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a enormous cat with ices on its legs.  The classroom suddenly went to a island.  The cat stated "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with bumps sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The person who looked just like me gave me some insects.  The scene changed to a house, with a man absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The man began to throw some logs at me.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous teacher with logs all over its mouth.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a enormous basement of a bed, and I stated "I want to shake"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the bed.  I saw a futuristic dinosaur with cats on its eyes.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the bed.  The classroom suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with cars on its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with pens all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me crumbled into nothingness.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to stand on me.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I threw some pens at it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a tin man absent-mindedly shaking.  The scarecrow walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Why are you so futuristic?"  The tin man shook into thin air.  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with spikes all over its toes.  The dinosaur said "Why are you so futuristic?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The dinosaur gave me some pens.  A tin man appeared and started melting.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried for some reason.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had done something great.  The scene changed to a house, with a scarecrow carefully crumbling.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a futuristic dorm, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a hideous man with cars on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large cat with wooden triangles all over its back.  The cat drove to a basement of a classroom.  The cat began to grab me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I saw a red dinosaur with logs sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur showed me several bugs.  The basement of a classroom suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The glass triangles are in the lava"  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The tin man showed me several ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a childlike dorm, and I wasn't scared.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the basement of a church.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a enormous beach, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly began to smack me.  I saw a pale statue with photos coming out of its arms.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  The statue began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a monster began to slap me.  The monster began to throw some spikes at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the church.  I don't know why, but I drove to a airport.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the church.  The monster melted into thin air.  

I saw a green scarecrow with dogs on its tongue.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I threw some fruit at it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with dogs on its face.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I threw some photos at it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I don't know why, but I ran to a dining hall.  The dinosaur began to throw some snows at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a monster began to punch me.  The monster said "You must look inside"  The bed suddenly went to a beach.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a airport.  The monster began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  The monster began to yell at me, but I threw some pens at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and sprinted to a basement of a beach.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dorm.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  A dinosaur appeared and whispered "That sucks"  The tin man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The basement of a beach suddenly ran to a airport.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a dog started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I whispered "Hello?"  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The scarecrow showed me several ices.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started melting.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the church.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the dorm.  The church suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large scarecrow with phones all over its mouth.  The scarecrow ran to a island.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a house, with a person who looked just like me quickly growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I saw a hideous man with pencils sticking out of its feet.  The house suddenly drove to a bed.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur started crumbling.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt very nervous.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The tin man showed me several dogs.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue carefully melting.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

A cat appeared and started melting.  The cat began to punch me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  A manager of the bed appeared and drove to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the bed.  The cat began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue monster with wooden triangles sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little hideous" thinking this would help.  The monster began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The monster started melting.  I saw a massive tin man with logs all over its arms.  The church suddenly ran to a basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the church.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a house.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I saw a red monster with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The monster sprinted to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the dorm.  I saw a towering tin man with dogs on its toes.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The dorm suddenly ran to a island.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a pleasant dog with pencils on its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass squares are in the lava" for some reason.  The dog began to throw some dogs at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with pens sticking out of its back.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me whispered "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and gave me some mice.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The scarecrow showed me several bags.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a green cat with cats sticking out of its arms.  The cat began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The cat began to smack me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The cat started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a pale dinosaur with pencils sticking out of its back.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a beach.  The dinosaur went to a bed.  The dinosaur stated "Why are you so pale?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red statue with photos sticking out of its toes.  The statue began to throw some cars at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something wrong.  The statue showed me several ices.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the pencil"  The bed suddenly said "The pencils are in the pen"  The statue began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The glass triangles are in the bag"  

A man showed up and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a tin man started crumbling.  The church suddenly started melting.  The tin man began to melt.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The tin man went to a basement of a basement of a classroom.  The tin man started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried for some reason, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The dog began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely grotesque"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "The bags are in the dog"  The dog began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow showed up and stated "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the beach.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green scarecrow with phones all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is somewhat massive" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The scarecrow said "That sucks"  I saw a graceful dog with cars coming out of its mouth.  The dog shouted "The cats are in the metal triangle"  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and started shrinking in height.  The man started growing much larger.  The man drove to a airport.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man quickly melting.  The house suddenly began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The tin man melted into thin air.  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic church, and I stated "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the church.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the church.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble", and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a airport when all of a sudden a tin man went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  The tin man began to throw some bags at me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat enormous"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a man began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the house.  The house suddenly began to shake.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the house.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with bugs everywhere.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me, and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The dog drove to a basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the house.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with snows everywhere.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  I saw a towering scarecrow with pens on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the pen" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the church, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a dog began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious for some reason.  The dog began to smack me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I saw a pleasant teacher with fires coming out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the beach.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a island.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the bed.  The bed suddenly went to a beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with fruit sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow stated "The ices are in the snow"  The scarecrow shouted "The cars are in the pencil"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a bed.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scarecrow shook into nothingness.  

I saw a blue cat with fruit all over its tongue.  The cat started melting.  The cat shouted "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I felt a little nervous.  The cat began to stand on me, but I threw some bumps at it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so blue?"  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with wooden triangles everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a tin man slowly growing much larger.  The tin man started to spit out lots of spikes.  The tin man showed me several bumps.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

I was shaking in a small church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The church suddenly showed me several glass triangles.  I saw a pleasant statue with cars all over its tongue.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous teacher with photos sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a church.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The teacher started to spit out lots of pens.  I jolted awake.  

A monster showed up and went to a dorm.  The monster began to throw some bags at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I saw a large man with dogs coming out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "Why are you so large?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content for some reason.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous scarecrow with fruit all over its tongue.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  The church suddenly walked to a dining hall.  A dinosaur appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The church suddenly started shaking.  The scarecrow gave me some glass squares, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a basement of a island when all of a sudden a cat started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the basement of a basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the island.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a dog carefully crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the basement of a dorm.  The dog began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

A monster appeared and walked to a bed.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and gave me some pens.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a childlike airport, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the airport.  The airport suddenly drove to a bed.  A man showed up and gave me some logs.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "This is very hideous"  The airport suddenly said "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a childlike classroom, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  A tin man appeared and sprinted to a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly began to shoot me.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a airport.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the airport.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue showed up and began to crumble.  The statue showed me several glass squares.  The statue began to throw some dogs at me, but I screamed at it "This is a little pleasant"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the basement of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to melt, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and began to melt.  The teacher went to a house.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a futuristic airport, and I began to grow much larger.  The airport suddenly walked to a house.  The airport suddenly began to kick me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a bed.  The house suddenly began to punch me.  The house suddenly began to melt, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and started shrinking in height.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dog started to spit out lots of dogs.  The dog started melting, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a man absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a tin man gave me some cats.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some lavas.  A cat appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with cars sticking out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me gave me some bumps.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster appeared and started to spit out lots of pencils.  The monster began to punch me.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow carefully melting.  The monster began to sing to me.  The monster began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A tin man appeared and went to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the dorm.  The tin man began to kick me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The tin man began to slap me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I saw a green director of the dining hall with lavas coming out of its back.  The dorm suddenly walked to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little obscure" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the director of the dining hall saying "The glass triangles are in the phone"  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with bags everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the classroom.  A man came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the classroom.  The man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a cat started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the classroom.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur wildly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is somewhat grotesque" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green teacher with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The teacher began to kick me, but I punched it and ran away.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  I don't know why, but I drove to a basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a beach.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the house.  The beach suddenly walked to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a church.  The classroom suddenly ran to a island.  The island suddenly gave me some photos.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and gave me some spikes.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me melted into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque monster with wooden squares on its mouth.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some bags at me.  The monster began to kick me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a bed, and I felt strangely worried.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly went to a house.  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very content, and I smiled.  

I saw a enormous cat with phones coming out of its feet.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The cat went to a house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the house.  I saw a pale monster with ices all over its back.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the house.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the airport.  The church suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a tin man sprinted to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly went to a church.  I saw a large dog with fires sticking out of its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

A dog showed up and gave me some phones.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with cats sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a basement of a house.  The dinosaur whispered "Why are you so graceful?"  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to throw some mice at me.  The basement of a house suddenly showed me several photos.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright monster with pencils coming out of its mouth.  The monster began to throw some cats at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The monster began to yell at me, but I threw some fruit at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a man walked to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the dorm.  I saw a graceful teacher with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The man started to spit out lots of photos.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  The man began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a classroom.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the beach.  A cat showed up and ran to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried thinking this would help.  The church suddenly began to kick me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with ices sticking out of its tongue.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow went to a house.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog quickly shaking.  The scarecrow began to throw some fires at me, but I threw some dogs at it and ran away.  I saw a green person who looked just like me with bags sticking out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the airport.  The dog began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely content thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with bags coming out of its tongue.  The tin man began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "The ices are in the dog"  The tin man gave me some cats.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The tin man melted into the ground.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with dogs all over its toes.  The teacher started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is extremely small" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with ices everywhere.  The dorm suddenly walked to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the dorm.  I saw a green man with insects on its eyes.  The dorm suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The man shook into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow shouted "The pens are in the pen"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the airport.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dog absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with cars everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt strangely worried.  The dorm suddenly drove to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright teacher with snows sticking out of its face.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The teacher began to shake.  The scene changed to a basement of a church, with a leader of the basement of a church slowly growing much larger.  The leader of the basement of a church gave me some mice.  I saw a large scarecrow with spikes sticking out of its mouth.  The leader of the basement of a church began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is very green" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with pencils on its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt a little terrified.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A monster showed up and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The monster began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster appeared and started shrinking in height.  The monster started shaking.  The monster began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The monster began to slap me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I saw a red manager of the house with insects coming out of its arms.  The house suddenly walked to a church.  The house suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The dogs are in the fruit"  

A dinosaur showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to throw some insects at me, but I yelled at it "This is a little small"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a massive dorm, and I said "Who are you?"  The dorm suddenly gave me some logs.  The dorm suddenly began to kick me.  A man came out of nowhere and walked to a basement of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The man began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure teacher with dogs sticking out of its arms.  The teacher began to throw some ices at me, but I yelled at it "This is very blue"  The teacher began to crumble.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the island.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and said "The lavas are in the photo"  The teacher started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a cat started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the bed.  I saw a pleasant scarecrow with pens sticking out of its face.  The cat began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and showed me several cats.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to throw some bags at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow started melting.  I don't know why, but I drove to a house.  The house suddenly gave me some mice.  A director of the house showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the house.  The director of the house whispered "The cars are in the glass triangle", and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with bags all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely towering"  I jolted awake.  

A statue showed up and ran to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the classroom.  I don't know why, but I walked to a airport.  The classroom suddenly went to a church.  A monster appeared and began to jump over me.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  The monster began to slap me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous man with insects sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the glass triangle" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  I saw a huge teacher with cars all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a large island, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the island.  The island suddenly went to a dorm.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The beach suddenly shouted "Why are you so large?"  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive teacher with metal squares on its eyes.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher drove to a house.  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster quickly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the house.  The airport suddenly gave me some bugs.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a monster began to grow much larger.  The bed suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The monster began to punch me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I saw a green dog with dogs on its face.  The monster showed me several pens.  The dog started crumbling.  The monster melted into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a dinosaur went to a dorm.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the beach.  I saw a grotesque statue with bugs on its face.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a green airport, and I felt a little anxious.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" for some reason.  A teacher showed up and started melting.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike statue with fires coming out of its face.  The statue began to crumble.  The statue began to take a photo of me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the house.  The statue started to spit out lots of cars.  The statue shouted "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of cats.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  A dog came out of nowhere and whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the house.  The dog began to throw some insects at me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely green"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The fruit are in the pen"  

My family and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a house.  The house suddenly said "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the house.  I saw a pale cat with logs on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The cats are in the spike" for some reason.  The basement of a island suddenly gave me some dogs.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a red statue with wooden triangles coming out of its toes.  The statue started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I don't know why, but I drove to a basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the basement of a island.  The statue stated "Hey man, it happens"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure cat with bags coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The cat began to sing to me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The cat started to spit out lots of spikes.  The cat began to jump over me.  The cat melted into the ground.  

I saw a massive teacher with spikes on its face.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a statue slowly growing much larger.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The teacher shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a statue gave me some dogs.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the bed.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow carefully melting.  The classroom suddenly began to kick me.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The statue said "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the basement of a classroom.  I saw a grotesque scarecrow with pens on its legs.  The scarecrow stated "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the basement of a classroom.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a huge basement of a airport, and I wasn't afraid.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the airport.  I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with bags all over its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the airport.  The person who looked just like me drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the airport, and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous thinking this would help.  The teacher began to throw some ices at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The fruit are in the bag"  

I saw a green teacher with bugs sticking out of its eyes.  The teacher began to punch me.  The teacher began to kick me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster quickly growing much larger.  The teacher began to throw some spikes at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  A cat appeared and whispered "You must look inside"  The monster began to stand on me, but I threw some dogs at it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to melt.  The dorm suddenly began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the dorm.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to stand on me.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A monster appeared and started growing much larger.  The monster began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The monster began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  The monster went to a island.  A statue appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly drove to a basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the island.  The monster grew much larger into nothingness.  

A teacher appeared and started growing much larger.  The teacher began to shoot me.  The teacher began to throw some logs at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the island.  A monster showed up and sprinted to a dorm.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  The island suddenly whispered "The lavas are in the wooden triangle"  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little graceful" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I saw a red monster with mice on its feet.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of cars.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The teacher began to shake.  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue absent-mindedly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly terrified for some reason.  The statue shook into the ground.  

I saw a grotesque tin man with lavas sticking out of its arms.  The tin man ran to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the island.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a manager of the island absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The manager of the island began to stand on me.  The island suddenly showed me several mice.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow gave me some mice.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  A person who looked just like me showed up and gave me some snows.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The island suddenly showed me several bumps.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike church, and I felt very worried.  The church suddenly went to a island.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a cat started crumbling.  The cat gave me some logs.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  A monster showed up and walked to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The cat ran to a dorm.  The monster shook into the ground.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The monster began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The monster began to smack me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  A dog appeared and said "You must look inside"  The church suddenly began to kick me.  The dog walked to a island.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a island when all of a sudden a dog went to a basement of a dining hall.  The dog began to stand on me.  The basement of a island suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  The scene changed to a house, with a teacher quickly melting.  The dog began to punch me.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure monster with cats sticking out of its toes.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The monster drove to a house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the island.  The monster ran to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous scarecrow with glass triangles on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "This is very childlike"  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a man began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the classroom.  The man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The man began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass triangles are in the lava" thinking this would help.  The man melted into thin air.  

I saw a pale monster with lavas coming out of its face.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The monster began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur gave me some cars.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to shake.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "This is very obscure"  I saw a grotesque cat with bugs coming out of its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the house.  The house suddenly stated "Why are you so grotesque?"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster showed up and began to melt.  The monster began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster began to grab me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The monster began to take a photo of me.  I saw a futuristic cat with bumps coming out of its legs.  The beach suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and said "You must look inside"  The tin man walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly whispered "The insects are in the fruit"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a pale island, and I heard a voice say "The photos are in the car"  The island suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the island.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The island suddenly gave me some bags.  The island suddenly went to a beach.  The person who looked just like me shook into nothingness.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The statue shouted "That sucks"  The statue started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to shake.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly started melting.  I saw a large tin man with bumps on its back.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the bed.  The tin man said "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a basement of a classroom when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the basement of a classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" for some reason.  The dinosaur gave me some bags.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large dog with glass squares all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The dog stated "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man carefully growing much larger.  The tin man said "The ices are in the fruit"  The tin man walked to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the airport, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stated "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the airport, and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to grab me.  The dog began to shrink in height.  The dog began to throw some ices at me, but I screamed at it "This is very graceful"  The dog shook into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a hideous airport, and I stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the airport.  I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with lavas sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me said "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a large person who looked just like me with snows sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure cat with phones sticking out of its feet.  The tin man began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the lava" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The tin man sprinted to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue monster with spikes on its mouth.  The monster began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The monster started shrinking in height.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me shouted "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me gave me some fruit.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The teacher whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the airport.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike monster with fruit all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur quickly crumbling.  The monster began to kick me, but I threw some mice at it and ran away.  I saw a towering tin man with photos sticking out of its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the bed.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The monster shook into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a teacher began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had accomplished something terrible thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The dorm suddenly said "The bumps are in the phone"  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and walked to a dining hall.  The statue began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a scarecrow slowly melting.  The statue began to throw some cats at me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  I saw a small teacher with bumps on its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the basement of a dorm.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "This is a little towering"  The teacher shrunk in height into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to throw some cars at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a pleasant scarecrow with mice all over its tongue.  The beach suddenly showed me several bugs.  The beach suddenly stated "Why are you so pleasant?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue teacher with dogs coming out of its back.  The teacher began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the beach.  A manager of the beach came out of nowhere and whispered "The fruit are in the phone"  The manager of the beach started shaking.  The beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  The dog began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly crumbling.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The dog showed me several dogs.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with pencils on its mouth.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur showed up and went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a tiny dining hall, and I stated "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is somewhat large" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a hideous tin man with dogs sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" for some reason.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  I don't know why, but I drove to a classroom.  The tin man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The tin man began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The tin man melted into the ground.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The statue whispered "You must look inside"  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The statue began to throw some insects at me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat pleasant"  The statue walked to a bed.  The statue crumbled into nothingness.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to shake, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque monster with spikes coming out of its mouth.  The monster began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The monster began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something satisfying.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and ran to a church.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  The man said "The bugs are in the bag"  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the church, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the dining hall.  I saw a futuristic dinosaur with lavas sticking out of its back.  The dinosaur said "That sucks"  The beach suddenly began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a island.  The beach suddenly showed me several bags.  The beach suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I saw a childlike statue with phones coming out of its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the island.  The statue began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue crumbled into thin air.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the dining hall.  A dog showed up and started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The dog shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a massive man with glass triangles on its back.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The man began to throw some cats at me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher slowly shrinking in height.  The man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The bed suddenly showed me several spikes.  The teacher shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to melt.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I saw a small cat with photos coming out of its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the island.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The pencils are in the log"  

I was growing much larger in a small island, and I began to crumble.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and stated "The bugs are in the photo"  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me gave me some snows.  The scene changed to a bed, with a statue absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and stated "The ices are in the fruit"  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a beach, with a leader of the beach quickly melting.  The leader of the beach began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  A scarecrow appeared and went to a classroom.  The leader of the beach began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me walked to a church.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into the ground.  

A man showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The church suddenly walked to a airport.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  I saw a futuristic monster with phones sticking out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the airport.  The monster started growing much larger.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had done something satisfying.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a island.  The island suddenly started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The cat began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The cat grew much larger into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  The person who looked just like me shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and showed me several lavas.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The cat started to spit out lots of pencils.  The cat began to melt, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster began to crumble.  The monster started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I saw a red dog with bugs on its feet.  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a enormous beach, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the beach.  The beach suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a airport.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the beach.  The airport suddenly began to smack me, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the airport.  The scarecrow said "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green statue with cats sticking out of its arms.  The statue shouted "That sucks"  The statue began to throw some ices at me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely huge"  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the island.  The island suddenly began to shoot me.  The island suddenly stated "The photos are in the spike", and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with cars everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the bed.  The bed suddenly drove to a beach.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog absent-mindedly crumbling.  The dog began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the spike" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The man shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  A monster came out of nowhere and showed me several cars.  The man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The monster started melting.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and started shaking.  The dinosaur began to grab me.  The dinosaur ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?"  The dinosaur began to throw some lavas at me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The church suddenly gave me some dogs.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a large cat with photos coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The cat started growing much larger.  The cat began to shoot me, but I took a photo of it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dorm.  The classroom suddenly drove to a airport.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous teacher with ices coming out of its toes.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very terrified thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I saw a huge director of the dorm with logs all over its tongue.  The director of the dorm started to spit out lots of cars.  The director of the dorm began to throw some spikes at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The director of the dorm grew much larger into nothingness.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The monster began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The monster showed me several pens.  The monster shook into nothingness.  

I was melting in a hideous dorm, and I felt slightly furious.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly drove to a beach.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur started to spit out lots of bumps.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the airport.  I saw a blue teacher with insects sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange basement of a dorm on top of a dining hall.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "The cats are in the fruit"  The dorm suddenly went to a bed.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The teacher showed me several bugs.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and walked to a bed.  The bed suddenly gave me some photos.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The bed suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I saw a pale cat with cats on its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny man with phones sticking out of its eyes.  The man began to melt.  The man started to spit out lots of insects.  The man crumbled into nothingness.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to throw some insects at me.  The person who looked just like me stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  I saw a obscure dinosaur with bumps sticking out of its mouth.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a manager of the dorm whispered "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly gave me some pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  A teacher showed up and showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  The manager of the dorm continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous man with snows coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The man went to a classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" for some reason.  I saw a pale tin man with mice on its mouth.  The classroom suddenly showed me several cats.  The man began to grow much larger.  The tin man melted into the ground.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher began to shake.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The teacher started melting.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the classroom.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with pens sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The person who looked just like me said "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher absent-mindedly shaking.  The teacher began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The teacher began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  The teacher grew much larger into the ground.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the dining hall.  A cat appeared and began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the dining hall.  The cat started to spit out lots of glass squares.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red dog with pencils coming out of its tongue.  The dog started growing much larger.  The dog began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bugs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the church.  I saw a hideous statue with logs on its toes.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with cats all over its legs.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dinosaur showed me several spikes.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with ices everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The church suddenly began to shake.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and walked to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous for some reason, and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and started to spit out lots of cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The teacher showed me several bags.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with insects coming out of its mouth.  The dinosaur showed me several bugs.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  A director of the island came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The director of the island began to stand on me, but I threw some pens at it and ran away.  The dinosaur drove to a dorm.  The director of the island crumbled into the ground.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the dorm.  A cat appeared and sprinted to a classroom.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The cat began to throw some bugs at me, but I shouted at it "This is a little huge"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic teacher with lavas coming out of its arms.  The teacher began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass squares are in the fruit" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  The teacher began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so futuristic?" thinking this would help.  The teacher melted into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a cat started crumbling.  The cat began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The beach suddenly gave me some pens.  A man appeared and showed me several fires.  The beach suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly began to kick me, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny dog with spikes sticking out of its face.  The dog went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the classroom.  The dog crumbled into the ground.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the beach.  The airport suddenly showed me several mice.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a house, and I felt slightly furious.  The house suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive person who looked just like me with fruit coming out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some cars at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to melt"  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  The person who looked just like me stated "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is somewhat red" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with fires all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I whispered "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me walked to a dining hall.  A manager of the island appeared and showed me several glass triangles.  The manager of the island whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly stated "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me melted into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster began to take a photo of me.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The monster began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The monster began to throw some bumps at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with spikes on its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some lavas at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous monster with lavas sticking out of its toes.  The monster began to throw some phones at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly began to smack me.  A tin man appeared and started growing much larger.  The tin man whispered "Why are you so enormous?"  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "The pencils are in the cat"  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The cat began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The cat sprinted to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a manager of the classroom began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the classroom.  The manager of the classroom drove to a beach.  I saw a grotesque dog with pencils on its tongue.  The dog began to kick me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a statue began to shake.  The statue began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  A person who looked just like me showed up and ran to a airport.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The person who looked just like me whispered "The dogs are in the bug"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale teacher with dogs on its eyes.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to shoot me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with bumps on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright tin man with fires all over its legs.  The tin man ran to a dining hall.  The tin man began to crumble.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a airport.  The tin man began to kick me.  A monster appeared and began to jump over me.  The monster began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  The tin man melted into nothingness.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a basement of a house, but it's a very strange house with bumps everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the basement of a basement of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the house.  I saw a bright tin man with dogs sticking out of its back.  The tin man started to spit out lots of spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and ran to a bed.  The tin man began to smack me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat green"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a large monster with snows sticking out of its legs.  The monster shouted "You must look inside"  The monster began to sing to me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the dorm.  A tin man showed up and began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  The dorm suddenly ran to a beach.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the church.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster quickly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange basement of a beach with bags everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some spikes.  The beach suddenly went to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a tiny teacher with wooden squares all over its arms.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The teacher began to throw some logs at me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  The scene changed to a bed, with a man wildly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a towering person who looked just like me with glass triangles sticking out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The man ran to a basement of a island, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow started growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of snows.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to throw some cars at me.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The person who looked just like me stated "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale cat with mice all over its toes.  The cat walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I said "I want to grow much larger"  The cat said "Why are you so pleasant?"  I saw a bright leader of the house with bugs on its eyes.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  A teacher appeared and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

A scarecrow appeared and said "The mice are in the ice"  The scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I wasn't afraid.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I saw a graceful monster with dogs on its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the basement of a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with mice all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

A man appeared and began to sing to me.  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a basement of a church.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  The man stated "Why are you so blue?"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a large monster with fires coming out of its legs.  The monster began to kick me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a tin man absent-mindedly shaking.  The monster ran to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with bumps everywhere.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to grab me.  The airport suddenly ran to a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the house.  A statue appeared and showed me several pens.  The church suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A tin man showed up and showed me several spikes.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The tin man began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The tin man whispered "Why are you so large?"  The bed suddenly sprinted to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The statue began to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the island.  The statue started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher appeared and began to sing to me.  The teacher ran to a island.  The teacher began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster slowly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the island.  I saw a pale scarecrow with photos coming out of its tongue.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A scarecrow showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow shouted "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man absent-mindedly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the bed.  I saw a bright cat with bumps on its tongue.  The bed suddenly drove to a house.  The cat began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little relaxed for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive tin man with pens all over its back.  The tin man drove to a beach.  The tin man began to crumble.  The scene changed to a island, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I saw a small director of the island with cats on its mouth.  The beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a massive bed, and I felt strangely worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a statue absent-mindedly crumbling.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me.  The island suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with logs coming out of its toes.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  The teacher began to slap me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  I don't know why, but I ran to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the church.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a blue house, and I wasn't concerned.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  I saw a childlike man with fruit all over its tongue.  The man said "The metal triangles are in the phone"  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a dinosaur showed me several fruit.  The dinosaur gave me some bags.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the bed.  The dinosaur crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a enormous teacher with phones coming out of its tongue.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the basement of a beach.  A manager of the basement of a beach appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The basement of a beach suddenly showed me several wooden squares.  The manager of the basement of a beach began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely obscure"  The manager of the basement of a beach shook into nothingness.  

I saw a hideous man with cars on its legs.  The man started melting.  The man began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I wasn't afraid.  The bed suddenly began to punch me.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with phones coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a house.  The church suddenly began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the house.  I saw a small tin man with bumps all over its tongue.  The tin man began to throw some glass squares at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large scarecrow with spikes on its tongue.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely obscure"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur quickly shaking.  The scarecrow said "You must look inside"  The island suddenly gave me some metal triangles.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a green dinosaur with insects coming out of its back.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I threw some bumps at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  A person who looked just like me showed up and showed me several fruit.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green dog with fires coming out of its legs.  The dog began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The dog shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the island.  The dog began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The cat began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The cat shouted "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The cat began to punch me, but I threw some bumps at it and ran away.  The cat drove to a dorm.  The cat shook into nothingness.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with phones all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  A statue came out of nowhere and showed me several pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the beach.  The person who looked just like me melted into the ground.  

I was melting in a pale bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the bed.  The bed suddenly drove to a classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the airport.  The classroom suddenly began to throw some snows at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike monster with metal triangles sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry thinking this would help.  The monster began to throw some phones at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat carefully crumbling.  The monster said "That sucks"  A dog showed up and showed me several ices.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the bed.  The cat began to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and showed me several fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a cat carefully growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the airport.  The dinosaur began to melt.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with photos on its legs.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "This is very graceful"  The dinosaur began to throw some pens at me, but I tried to get it to throw some cars at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't concerned.  The beach suddenly gave me some pencils.  A dog appeared and started to spit out lots of fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I sung to it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of cars.  The teacher began to throw some glass triangles at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The teacher shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being scared.  The teacher began to smack me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  A tin man showed up and gave me some spikes.  The tin man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque cat with insects all over its tongue.  The cat began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is very pale"  The cat began to stand on me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The cat began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The beach suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow started shaking.  The island suddenly stated "That sucks"  The island suddenly started melting.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a house.  The island suddenly began to shake.  The scarecrow showed me several spikes.  The scarecrow grew much larger into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely small" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  The scene changed to a house, with a dog quickly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to kick me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the basement of a dining hall.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow quickly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic outside the church.  A manager of the church came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the church saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with bugs sticking out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The person who looked just like me went to a airport, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a obscure basement of a dorm, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog absent-mindedly shaking.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the airport.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the airport.  The bed suddenly gave me some cars.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The airport suddenly gave me some insects.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a monster stated "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The monster began to smack me, but I yelled at it "This is a little bright"  I saw a pale tin man with photos on its arms.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  The church suddenly began to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so pale?"  

A statue showed up and went to a basement of a airport.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat slowly shaking.  The cat began to slap me.  I saw a huge scarecrow with bumps on its mouth.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A cat appeared and started melting.  The cat began to throw some photos at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat started shrinking in height.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a enormous dorm, and I stopped being concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  The dorm suddenly said "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of dogs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the basement of a house.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "This is very green"  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me shook into the ground.  

I saw a red teacher with bugs on its toes.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the church.  I saw a green dinosaur with fruit all over its legs.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge teacher with dogs sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The teacher whispered "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being concerned.  The teacher whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I saw a red leader of the classroom with cats all over its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a pleasant basement of a airport, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the basement of a airport.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and ran to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to sing to me.  The airport suddenly began to throw some glass squares at me.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with metal triangles everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the insect" for some reason.  I saw a pale cat with snows coming out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started melting.  The cat began to smack me, and I smiled.  

I saw a red teacher with mice all over its face.  The teacher ran to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the classroom.  I saw a pale director of the island with logs on its tongue.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  The director of the island began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with dogs everywhere.  The dorm suddenly began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Why are you so childlike?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a obscure bed, and I wasn't afraid.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the bed.  I saw a tiny statue with phones coming out of its tongue.  The statue whispered "That sucks"  The statue began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the classroom.  A statue showed up and started to spit out lots of bags.  The statue whispered "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small dog with cats all over its back.  The dog began to grab me, but I threw some logs at it and ran away.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur wildly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the bed.  I saw a bright man with mice coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely anxious for some reason.  The bed suddenly began to shake.  The man shook into nothingness.  

I was shrinking in height in a towering bed, and I felt slightly anxious.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the bed.  The bed suddenly shouted "The cats are in the photo"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to shake.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The tin man shouted "That sucks"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me slowly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the classroom.  I saw a graceful dinosaur with mice on its legs.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a pale bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly walked to a house.  The bed suddenly started melting.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue wildly shrinking in height.  The house suddenly began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure cat with wooden triangles on its back.  The cat began to shrink in height.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The scene changed to a island, with a teacher wildly shaking.  The island suddenly stated "You must look inside"  A monster came out of nowhere and went to a dining hall.  The island suddenly began to jump over me.  The island suddenly ran to a dorm.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a green airport, and I wasn't concerned.  The airport suddenly showed me several pencils.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shaking.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a monster began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The house suddenly said "The insects are in the car"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The monster began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  The house suddenly showed me several cats.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with lavas everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely nervous thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the bed.  A teacher appeared and whispered "Why are you so graceful?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a small dorm, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a church, with a man absent-mindedly melting.  The church suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a pale island, and I wasn't worried.  The island suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the island.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a man carefully growing much larger.  The man started shrinking in height.  The island suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with insects all over its legs.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a bed.  The dinosaur began to grab me.  A scarecrow appeared and went to a airport.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A dog came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely massive"  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I felt slightly angry.  The classroom suddenly ran to a airport.  The classroom suddenly began to take a photo of me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure man with fires sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The man began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the bug"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the dorm.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and began to jump over me.  The cat began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me carefully shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the church.  A dinosaur showed up and started to spit out lots of glass squares.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the church.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the church, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant dog with wooden triangles sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dog showed me several fires.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a basement of a dorm.  The dog began to shrink in height.  A statue came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with bumps sticking out of its eyes.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The scene changed to a bed, with a man quickly shrinking in height.  The tin man began to yell at me.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and gave me some phones.  The man began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The man began to jump over me, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher began to grab me.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  The teacher began to throw some ices at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The teacher began to throw some spikes at me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a graceful classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The house suddenly started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and began to stand on me.  The cat began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The cat went to a beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the beach.  I saw a childlike scarecrow with photos on its back.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange basement of a dining hall on top of a bed.  The dining hall suddenly began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The snows are in the wooden triangle" thinking this would help.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something terrible.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with insects coming out of its eyes.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  The scarecrow showed me several logs.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to throw some pencils at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely pale"  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

I saw a bright scarecrow with pencils on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a dog wildly shaking.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a house.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a towering bed, and I wasn't afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with metal triangles all over its eyes.  The dinosaur started melting.  The dinosaur stated "Hey man, it happens"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue outside the beach.  I saw a obscure man with snows coming out of its mouth.  The beach suddenly began to sing to me.  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and showed me several fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man started melting.  The tin man drove to a church.  The tin man began to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dorm, and I felt slightly like I had accomplished something wrong.  The tin man showed me several lavas.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a monster walked to a dining hall.  The monster began to crumble.  The dining hall suddenly began to jump over me.  A statue came out of nowhere and sprinted to a dorm.  The monster began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The ices are in the dog"  

A dog appeared and stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The dog started shaking.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  The dog said "The cars are in the snow"  A leader of the dorm showed up and started shrinking in height.  The leader of the dorm began to slap me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the basement of a dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with lavas coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some insects at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me went to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful statue with snows on its tongue.  The statue began to yell at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The statue sprinted to a basement of a dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The statue started to spit out lots of wooden triangles.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and began to stand on me.  The man started shaking.  The man started crumbling.  The scene changed to a beach, with a monster quickly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  A scarecrow appeared and began to jump over me.  The monster started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a bright island, and I felt slightly relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the island.  The island suddenly started melting.  A statue appeared and gave me some bags.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely angry thinking this would help.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a cat walked to a classroom.  The cat started shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a airport.  The cat began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  The cat began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

A cat appeared and began to throw some cats at me.  The cat began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The cat began to slap me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The cat crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with logs on its face.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is very pleasant"  The person who looked just like me began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to throw some bags at me.  I don't know why, but I went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  A dog appeared and began to throw some dogs at me.  The dog began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and started crumbling.  The teacher went to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The bags are in the bag"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and ran to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with spikes everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is somewhat tiny" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the dorm.  I saw a futuristic cat with fires all over its arms.  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man went to a bed.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I shouted "That sucks"  The tin man walked to a island.  I saw a red statue with pens sticking out of its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the island.  The dorm suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a scarecrow said "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the church.  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a dog wildly shaking.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The dog went to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The logs are in the snow"  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a airport, and I whispered "Hello?"  The airport suddenly shouted "The bugs are in the photo"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure monster with bugs sticking out of its feet.  The monster began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly like I had accomplished something wrong thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I felt a little content.  The monster began to crumble.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and sprinted to a church.  The monster began to grab me, but I threw some fruit at it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I saw a huge teacher with cars on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a leader of the island started to spit out lots of pens.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  The leader of the island gave me some mice.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the island saying "The fires are in the bag"  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a monster began to throw some fires at me.  The monster began to throw some snows at me.  The monster began to grab me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  A tin man appeared and said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The tin man began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I saw a huge dinosaur with snows coming out of its face.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a teacher absent-mindedly crumbling.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I saw a tiny director of the dorm with bugs sticking out of its mouth.  The teacher said "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the dorm.  The teacher shook into nothingness.  

I was melting in a futuristic basement of a house, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The basement of a house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The basement of a house suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with mice all over its face.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some dogs at me, but I threw some fires at it and ran away.  The house suddenly began to throw some bags at me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green statue with bugs coming out of its eyes.  The statue began to throw some bags at me, but I threw some mice at it and ran away.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with lavas everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the island.  I saw a childlike tin man with insects sticking out of its eyes.  The island suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the church.  A statue showed up and began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the church.  The person who looked just like me walked to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous monster with logs coming out of its arms.  The monster started to spit out lots of lavas.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a futuristic statue with bugs sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and began to crumble.  The tin man said "That sucks"  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me quickly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the church.  The church suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant dog with cats coming out of its arms.  The dog went to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to shrink in height.  The dog said "Hey man, it happens"  The church suddenly began to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so massive?"  

A statue appeared and walked to a classroom.  The statue began to shake.  The statue began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike tin man with pens on its toes.  The tin man gave me some ices.  The tin man drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly said "That sucks", and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and started melting.  The dinosaur began to smack me.  The dinosaur began to throw some glass triangles at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher quickly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly ran to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a director of the church showed me several photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The director of the church started shrinking in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the church.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a towering airport, and I began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly drove to a house.  The house suddenly ran to a bed.  I saw a massive dinosaur with mice on its tongue.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the house.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive man with glass squares all over its face.  The man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  The man started to spit out lots of mice.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  The man drove to a island.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is a little hideous", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with dogs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the airport.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a house.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and began to shake.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The tin man began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and started crumbling.  The man began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is a little tiny"  The man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The man showed me several pencils.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The man crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a green cat with snows all over its toes.  The cat started shaking.  The cat began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and drove to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the house.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  The cat shook into nothingness.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a cat went to a basement of a dining hall.  The cat drove to a house.  The house suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The cat began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was melting in a obscure dorm, and I felt a little angry.  The dorm suddenly went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Why are you so obscure?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a airport.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the insect" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I said "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic tin man with fruit all over its tongue.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The tin man began to punch me.  The scene changed to a church, with a leader of the church slowly shaking.  The leader of the church began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The tin man crumbled into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dorm.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a airport.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the dorm.  The house suddenly gave me some spikes, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a leader of the house began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic outside the house.  The leader of the house began to shrink in height.  A scarecrow showed up and began to shoot me.  The house suddenly began to melt.  The leader of the house began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the house saying "The wooden squares are in the pencil"  

I was shrinking in height in a pleasant house, and I felt a little like I had done something terrible.  The house suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the house.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a monster began to smack me.  The monster gave me some snows.  The airport suddenly ran to a basement of a bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  The monster began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the airport, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to kick me.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The wooden triangles are in the bug" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a leader of the church slowly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the church.  I saw a green dinosaur with bags on its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The mice are in the lava"  

I saw a childlike man with dogs on its tongue.  The man began to grow much larger.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous tin man with fruit on its legs.  The tin man walked to a island.  The tin man began to grab me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a manager of the island slowly growing much larger.  The manager of the island showed me several ices.  I saw a bright teacher with pencils on its mouth.  The manager of the island began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The tin man showed me several mice.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a obscure classroom, and I said "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly went to a church.  I saw a small person who looked just like me with spikes coming out of its face.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to kick me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The teacher began to shake.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the house.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to throw some cars at me.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely futuristic"  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely massive"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a island.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man showed me several photos.  The man began to grab me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The man started shrinking in height.  I saw a towering statue with bumps coming out of its back.  The man showed me several bugs.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The man shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a small tin man with bumps on its mouth.  The tin man stated "The cats are in the mouse"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a blue island, and I wasn't worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the island.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The monster began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the island.  The monster said "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I saw a huge man with mice all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The man started shrinking in height.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a house.  The man began to shrink in height.  I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with pencils coming out of its tongue.  The house suddenly ran to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike person who looked just like me with metal squares sticking out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of bumps.  The person who looked just like me drove to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?"  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I yelled at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a monster started to spit out lots of cats.  The monster began to throw some ices at me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The monster began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and started shaking.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The teacher began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of snows.  The scarecrow stated "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The monster began to slap me.  The monster began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of fires.  The statue began to punch me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a island, with a director of the island carefully growing much larger.  The director of the island began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something satisfying.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of insects.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the basement of a basement of a island, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny cat with cats on its eyes.  The cat began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me quickly melting.  The person who looked just like me showed me several bags.  The cat began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with insects everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly began to melt.  The church suddenly showed me several mice.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and shouted "The snows are in the cat"  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The statue began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to shrink in height"  The scene changed to a church, with a person who looked just like me carefully growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me walked to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a towering director of the dorm with bumps coming out of its face.  The director of the dorm began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat large"  The dorm suddenly shouted "The fruit are in the bug"  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and started melting.  The man began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The man began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large person who looked just like me with phones sticking out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me showed me several fires.  The person who looked just like me said "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't happy about it.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  I saw a blue cat with logs sticking out of its tongue.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  The cat began to shrink in height.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque statue with mice coming out of its back.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I threw some cars at it and ran away.  The statue showed me several bags.  I don't know why, but I went to a church.  The statue stated "Why are you so grotesque?"  The statue ran to a house.  The statue shook into thin air.  

I saw a childlike scarecrow with snows on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious for some reason.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a island.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a green tin man with wooden squares coming out of its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the island.  The tin man began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is a little small", and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant cat with dogs sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the log" thinking this would help.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a house.  The cat began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I saw a massive monster with insects sticking out of its tongue.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic man with snows coming out of its feet.  The man began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with mice everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a pale monster with bumps on its face.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The monster began to throw some metal squares at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a house, and I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the ice"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the basement of a house.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shrink in height" for some reason.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dog grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with wooden squares on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the beach.  A cat appeared and gave me some bags.  The cat shouted "You must look inside"  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The fruit are in the dog"  

I was crumbling in a bright church, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the church.  I saw a graceful tin man with snows coming out of its tongue.  The tin man began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The church suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a large airport, and I felt a little angry.  The airport suddenly started melting.  The airport suddenly gave me some photos.  A man appeared and started growing much larger.  The man began to jump over me.  The man began to punch me.  The man grew much larger into the ground.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and sprinted to a house.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the house.  The teacher grew much larger into the ground.  

A dog showed up and started to spit out lots of pencils.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a scarecrow wildly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a director of the dorm gave me some spikes.  The director of the dorm stated "The glass squares are in the glass square"  The director of the dorm began to stand on me.  The scene changed to a church, with a statue carefully shrinking in height.  The church suddenly said "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the church.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The man began to melt.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly began to grab me.  The man walked to a island.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a house.  The church suddenly began to throw some insects at me.  The house suddenly began to shoot me.  I saw a enormous dog with fruit coming out of its mouth.  The dog ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the insect" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant cat with fruit all over its tongue.  The cat began to sing to me, but I threw some ices at it and ran away.  The cat started to spit out lots of bags.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to shake.  The cat started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The cat melted into thin air.  

I saw a small tin man with pens sticking out of its toes.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man drove to a basement of a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The tin man began to kick me.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dining hall.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  A statue appeared and began to throw some bugs at me.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and sprinted to a basement of a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the basement of a beach.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of glass triangles.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I said "I want to grow much larger"  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I saw a graceful teacher with fruit coming out of its tongue.  The teacher began to throw some cats at me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The scarecrow began to yell at me.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into the ground.  

A cat appeared and began to shrink in height.  The cat sprinted to a church.  The cat began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a classroom.  The cat started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a statue showed me several bugs.  The airport suddenly gave me some spikes.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to melt.  The statue began to stand on me.  The statue began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with dogs sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the church.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur walked to a island.  The dinosaur sprinted to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster carefully shrinking in height.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of ices.  I saw a green person who looked just like me with mice coming out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The island suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a pleasant dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a beach.  A person who looked just like me appeared and gave me some cars.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic man with photos on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The man started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a beach, with a person who looked just like me carefully melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so futuristic?" for some reason.  The man began to throw some fires at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a pale house, and I stopped being concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The house suddenly gave me some insects.  I saw a graceful director of the house with bumps sticking out of its back.  The director of the house began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The director of the house began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The director of the house crumbled into nothingness.  

A tin man appeared and gave me some dogs.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a basement of a airport, with a dog slowly growing much larger.  The dog whispered "Why are you so red?"  A monster showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the basement of a airport.  The airport suddenly drove to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The ices are in the fruit"  

I was shrinking in height in a large bed, and I began to shake.  The bed suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the bed.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a dorm, with a cat slowly melting.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the bed.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The cat began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A tin man appeared and showed me several metal squares.  The tin man began to grow much larger.  The tin man started melting.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a dog showed me several lavas.  The dog began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The church suddenly walked to a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dog began to shake.  The dog began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely content.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "The spikes are in the log"  

A statue showed up and showed me several pencils.  The statue began to throw some ices at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "Hello?"  The statue began to sing to me.  The statue said "The bumps are in the bump"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque teacher with mice coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very pleasant" for some reason.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a red scarecrow with mice coming out of its face.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to sing to me.  The scarecrow began to throw some bugs at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

A monster came out of nowhere and ran to a bed.  The monster sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The monster began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  A scarecrow appeared and began to throw some mice at me.  The monster started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a teacher began to smack me.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  A man came out of nowhere and went to a beach.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to shrink in height.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur began to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stated "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I saw a huge statue with bags coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the dining hall.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to crumble.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't afraid.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of pens.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the beach.  The dinosaur shook into the ground.  

I saw a small dinosaur with ices on its toes.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur shouted "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the church.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur shook into thin air.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The cat began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I don't know why, but I walked to a dining hall.  The cat began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly began to melt.  The cat shook into thin air.  

I saw a bright scarecrow with bugs all over its mouth.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something terrible.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly showed me several mice.  I saw a small man with insects coming out of its toes.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The metal squares are in the ice"  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to melt.  The dinosaur ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the bed.  I saw a obscure statue with dogs coming out of its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the bed.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the house, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge scarecrow with snows coming out of its face.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I slapped it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a grotesque dorm, and I felt slightly nervous.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dorm.  The scene changed to a basement of a beach, with a dog absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the dorm.  The dog drove to a island.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I don't know why, but I walked to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The church suddenly gave me some fires.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a dog went to a church.  The dog drove to a island.  The dog started melting.  I saw a large man with pens all over its eyes.  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content for some reason.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly gave me some spikes.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of snows.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a red house, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the house.  The house suddenly began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I wasn't concerned.  The house suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a enormous basement of a church, and I stated "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale inside the church.  The basement of a church suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a grotesque dog with logs on its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the basement of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the church.  The dog crumbled into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with cats everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the beach.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a hideous classroom, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the classroom.  I saw a futuristic dinosaur with ices coming out of its legs.  The dinosaur began to grab me.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  The dinosaur grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a massive statue with cats all over its mouth.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The statue stated "Why are you so massive?"  The statue shook into nothingness.  

A man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  The man walked to a basement of a basement of a classroom.  The man began to grow much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a house.  The man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I saw a tiny teacher with cars coming out of its feet.  The man began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The basement of a house suddenly gave me some fruit.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and gave me some phones.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher sprinted to a island.  The teacher began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the island.  I saw a massive dinosaur with insects on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so massive?"  

A man showed up and ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The man began to grow much larger.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with glass squares all over its mouth.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a leader of the beach quickly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the beach.  I saw a massive teacher with logs coming out of its legs.  The beach suddenly began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the beach saying "That sucks"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and gave me some phones.  The teacher began to throw some spikes at me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little hideous" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a man quickly shrinking in height.  The man began to jump over me.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with bugs coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  A teacher appeared and gave me some bumps.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The scarecrow shook into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a basement of a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  The house suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the basement of a house.  I saw a red monster with phones all over its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the basement of a house.  The monster began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is a little grotesque"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the island.  The island suddenly ran to a bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering cat with metal squares sticking out of its mouth.  The cat began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The cat whispered "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a church, with a statue slowly growing much larger.  The church suddenly walked to a bed.  A dog came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The cat shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The cat began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a classroom.  The island suddenly showed me several insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the island, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and started melting.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I don't know why, but I drove to a church.  The church suddenly went to a beach.  I saw a childlike man with glass triangles sticking out of its feet.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so graceful?"  

I saw a childlike teacher with logs on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little tiny" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to punch me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me.  The bed suddenly said "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  The basement of a dorm suddenly stated "The ices are in the lava"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and showed me several cats.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?"  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the church.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

I was growing much larger in a blue bed, and I stopped being happy about it.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the bed.  I saw a red dinosaur with fruit sticking out of its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and began to kick me.  The dog started to spit out lots of fires.  The dog whispered "You must look inside"  The dog began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and started melting.  The cat began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man carefully shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the airport.  The cat crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a huge man with fires on its face.  The man walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to grow much larger.  The man began to crumble.  A dinosaur appeared and began to throw some wooden triangles at me.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The man melted into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a island.  The island suddenly drove to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a scarecrow carefully shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The basement of a bed suddenly showed me several spikes.  The scarecrow shook into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow gave me some pens.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The ices are in the mouse"  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with cats everywhere.  The house suddenly shouted "The fruit are in the log"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the house.  A scarecrow appeared and started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the house.  The scarecrow showed me several snows.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure statue with lavas sticking out of its feet.  The statue ran to a dorm.  The statue began to grab me, but I threw some bags at it and ran away.  The statue shook into thin air.  

I was melting in a green classroom, and I began to melt.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the classroom.  I saw a pleasant cat with ices all over its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the classroom.  The cat began to shake.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant man with bumps on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  The man showed me several mice.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "This is very tiny"  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shoot me.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a bright classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the classroom.  A statue appeared and started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the classroom.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I whispered "I want to melt"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a church.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with spikes everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the island.  I saw a massive man with cars coming out of its back.  The man started to spit out lots of snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a red dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I saw a graceful dog with logs coming out of its back.  The dog started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the airport.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and started growing much larger.  The man whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The man began to throw some lavas at me, but I shouted at it "This is very childlike", and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a teacher started crumbling.  The teacher began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the house.  I saw a obscure dog with bags sticking out of its feet.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The teacher began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and gave me some dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and walked to a basement of a island.  The basement of a island suddenly started to spit out lots of fires.  The island suddenly started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The tin man began to throw some bumps at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something terrible.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The basement of a island suddenly started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic person who looked just like me with insects all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being worried.  The person who looked just like me walked to a church.  The person who looked just like me drove to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me shook into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with wooden triangles everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  A statue showed up and started shaking.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of photos.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The statue shook into the ground.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a tin man gave me some pens.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a massive scarecrow with bumps coming out of its back.  The scarecrow went to a dining hall.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely red"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue slowly growing much larger.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and began to crumble.  The man showed me several bumps.  The man walked to a dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I saw a bright dog with cars all over its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the dorm.  The dog shook into the ground.  

I saw a pleasant cat with bumps coming out of its tongue.  The cat began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is a little obscure"  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The cat began to throw some spikes at me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with insects everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The house suddenly began to melt.  A scarecrow appeared and began to grab me.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shouted at it "This is very childlike"  The house suddenly started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a director of the dorm began to shoot me.  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  I saw a small statue with logs all over its back.  The statue began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The dorm suddenly began to stand on me.  The director of the dorm continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the island.  The island suddenly drove to a classroom.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a director of the classroom slowly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the island.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The director of the classroom continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a grotesque dining hall, and I stopped being worried.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a green scarecrow with fruit sticking out of its eyes.  The scarecrow whispered "The logs are in the bump"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike dining hall, and I felt a little content.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of ices.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some bumps.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue wildly crumbling.  The statue began to grab me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The statue began to throw some fruit at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a dorm.  The island suddenly gave me some photos.  The dorm suddenly went to a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the airport.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and began to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I threw some fires at it and ran away.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with cars on its tongue.  The dinosaur ran to a house.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  I saw a hideous leader of the dorm with bags coming out of its toes.  The leader of the dorm began to crumble.  The leader of the dorm shouted "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the leader of the dorm saying "Why are you so enormous?"  

I was shrinking in height in a small island, and I shouted "I want to grow much larger"  The island suddenly sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I saw a towering teacher with bags on its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the beach.  The island suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright tin man with pencils on its tongue.  The tin man began to shake.  The tin man showed me several logs.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur quickly shrinking in height.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I shot it and ran away.  The tin man shouted "That sucks"  The bed suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several metal triangles.  The teacher started melting.  The teacher began to grab me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I whispered "That sucks"  The teacher gave me some phones.  The teacher began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and started to spit out lots of glass squares.  The man shouted "That sucks"  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I wasn't afraid.  The man began to throw some bags at me.  A leader of the dining hall showed up and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very towering" thinking this would help.  The man began to take a photo of me.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and showed me several pencils.  The cat said "The snows are in the phone"  The cat went to a bed.  The cat melted into thin air.  

A cat showed up and began to grow much larger.  The cat went to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the airport.  I don't know why, but I walked to a island.  The dog whispered "You must look inside"  The dog began to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I saw a futuristic cat with bags sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the classroom.  The basement of a classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The cat grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with metal squares on its back.  The scarecrow began to kick me.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bugs.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a basement of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry thinking this would help.  A dinosaur appeared and began to jump over me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the basement of a basement of a bed.  The basement of a bed suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The logs are in the lava"  

A person who looked just like me showed up and said "The bugs are in the pencil"  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The person who looked just like me showed me several spikes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a small bed, and I felt a little nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The bed suddenly gave me some snows.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little futuristic" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering cat with logs coming out of its eyes.  The cat began to slap me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The cat began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I went to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I saw a blue person who looked just like me with mice all over its tongue.  The dorm suddenly stated "The phones are in the fruit"  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant cat with bumps on its face.  The cat started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The cat began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The beach suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

I saw a towering man with phones on its face.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a tiny tin man with spikes on its feet.  The tin man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The tin man ran to a island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue showed me several ices.  The statue began to punch me, but I threw some fires at it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the dining hall.  I saw a enormous dinosaur with phones on its mouth.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some cats.  The statue began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The teacher began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  I don't know why, but I ran to a church.  The teacher started to spit out lots of mice.  A dinosaur appeared and walked to a beach.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is very obscure"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale monster with phones all over its face.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The monster began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a basement of a classroom, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the basement of a classroom.  A man showed up and began to crumble.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the basement of a basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a grotesque bed, and I wasn't scared.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The bed suddenly whispered "Why are you so grotesque?"  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster carefully shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The monster began to throw some fruit at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the bed, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and gave me some logs.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is very childlike"  The teacher began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to shrink in height"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The teacher drove to a classroom.  I saw a pleasant dinosaur with bumps all over its arms.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the bed.  The teacher began to kick me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man began to smack me.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the insect" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a man quickly melting.  The tin man started to spit out lots of pencils.  The bed suddenly began to slap me.  The tin man shook into nothingness.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a monster began to shoot me.  The monster began to smack me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the beach.  I saw a grotesque dog with cars on its arms.  The monster began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the dining hall.  A monster showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a house.  The house suddenly shouted "Why are you so green?"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several ices.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  The basement of a dorm suddenly ran to a beach.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a statue began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the snow" for some reason.  A teacher showed up and whispered "Why are you so futuristic?"  The teacher began to grab me, but I yelled at it "This is a little bright"  The statue gave me some pencils.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with bumps coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and showed me several fires.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scarecrow showed me several pens.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a church.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I saw a massive statue with metal triangles coming out of its eyes.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so blue?" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dorm.  The cat began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the dorm.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue statue with dogs coming out of its tongue.  The statue began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The statue started crumbling.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher quickly growing much larger.  The teacher began to grab me.  The teacher began to melt.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely nervous.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The scene changed to a beach, with a director of the beach absent-mindedly crumbling.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the beach.  The director of the beach shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some cars.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dog started to spit out lots of ices.  The scene changed to a airport, with a monster wildly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the airport.  The airport suddenly went to a classroom.  The monster melted into nothingness.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of bugs.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a island.  The tin man began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a green man with wooden triangles all over its toes.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The bags are in the pencil"  

I saw a pleasant dinosaur with bugs sticking out of its face.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a classroom.  The dinosaur began to shoot me.  I saw a tiny scarecrow with snows all over its back.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  The dinosaur began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue man with dogs on its tongue.  The man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat huge"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to crumble" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The man started shaking.  I saw a bright statue with cars on its toes.  The airport suddenly started melting.  The statue began to throw some cats at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with pens on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The tin man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me quickly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the airport.  I saw a bright statue with logs on its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the airport.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a large dorm, and I said "What's going on?"  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Why are you so large?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the fire" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright man with photos sticking out of its tongue.  The man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a island.  The man walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the airport.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster showed up and started shrinking in height.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster stated "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stated "That sucks"  The monster whispered "You must look inside"  The house suddenly stated "The photos are in the wooden triangle"  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The tin man began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a beach.  The island suddenly began to jump over me.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster carefully shaking.  The monster gave me some bumps.  The monster began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to throw some fires at me.  The man began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a cat slowly crumbling.  The cat began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The classroom suddenly sprinted to a bed.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The lavas are in the bump"  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with fruit everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and shouted "That sucks"  The dog began to punch me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so large?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster quickly melting.  The monster started crumbling.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a tin man began to shake.  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The lavas are in the dog" for some reason.  A person who looked just like me showed up and showed me several glass triangles.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the bed, and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and began to yell at me.  The cat began to shake.  The cat drove to a airport.  The cat grew much larger into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The ices are in the mouse" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  The church suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dog walked to a dorm.  The dog started crumbling.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful cat with logs sticking out of its back.  The cat showed me several fires.  The cat began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly began to punch me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the house.  The basement of a house suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and started to spit out lots of fires.  The statue began to slap me.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a airport, with a scarecrow carefully melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the airport.  A cat appeared and drove to a dining hall.  The scarecrow began to throw some phones at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The cat began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a small teacher with phones all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I threw some photos at it and ran away.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny tin man with ices sticking out of its toes.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  A man appeared and began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the airport.  The man began to shake.  The man showed me several phones, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The statue shook into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with pencils everywhere.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  The basement of a dorm suddenly showed me several wooden squares.  I saw a pleasant dinosaur with bugs sticking out of its arms.  The dinosaur walked to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant scarecrow with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scarecrow ran to a island.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a leader of the dorm absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The leader of the dorm began to punch me, but I sung to it and ran away.  A man appeared and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the house.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the dorm.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me melted into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny outside the basement of a dorm.  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The dining hall suddenly began to shoot me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the basement of a dorm.  The classroom suddenly began to kick me, and I smiled.  

I saw a small tin man with insects on its tongue.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The tin man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow slowly crumbling.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher carefully growing much larger.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The dinosaur crumbled into thin air.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue started to spit out lots of spikes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the dining hall.  A dinosaur showed up and showed me several mice.  The statue began to throw some bumps at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a grotesque cat with wooden triangles coming out of its arms.  The cat began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The cat began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  A scarecrow showed up and showed me several fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" for some reason.  The cat started melting.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a green dining hall, and I shouted "This is very towering"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I felt slightly content.  The bed suddenly gave me some spikes.  The dining hall suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The bed suddenly went to a house, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a small island, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the island.  I saw a tiny cat with photos on its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the island.  The island suddenly whispered "Why are you so tiny?"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The mice are in the bug"  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with bugs coming out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into the ground.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the dorm.  A tin man appeared and began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the dorm.  The tin man went to a basement of a island.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with snows coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little pale" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a island.  The island suddenly began to shake.  I saw a futuristic dog with spikes all over its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the island.  The dog began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with metal squares everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  A statue showed up and began to kick me.  The statue began to shoot me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The airport suddenly walked to a beach.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a huge scarecrow with pencils all over its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little pleasant" thinking this would help.  I saw a large tin man with photos sticking out of its toes.  The island suddenly began to throw some snows at me.  The tin man began to melt.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of snows.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The tin man gave me some ices.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I stopped being afraid.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a graceful statue with bugs on its tongue.  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The statue began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something wrong.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat wildly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the church.  I saw a bright monster with glass triangles on its toes.  The statue whispered "The spikes are in the bug"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the church.  The cat began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering statue with fruit on its back.  The statue began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The statue began to shoot me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a manager of the house began to shoot me.  The manager of the house began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some insects at me.  The manager of the house began to yell at me.  I saw a childlike monster with bugs all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with dogs everywhere.  The beach suddenly began to smack me.  The beach suddenly went to a island.  A scarecrow appeared and showed me several pens.  The scarecrow drove to a house.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a church when all of a sudden a teacher began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the church.  The basement of a church suddenly ran to a house.  I saw a pale man with insects coming out of its eyes.  The man began to grow much larger.  The man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The teacher started to spit out lots of bugs, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a tiny house, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I saw a obscure statue with spikes all over its tongue.  The house suddenly showed me several photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The statue melted into nothingness.  

I saw a graceful monster with spikes sticking out of its back.  The monster began to crumble.  The monster began to punch me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a director of the dining hall ran to a house.  The director of the dining hall began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the dining hall.  A dinosaur appeared and began to melt.  The house suddenly began to shrink in height.  The director of the dining hall started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with lavas sticking out of its toes.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to throw some logs at me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  The scarecrow went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The pens are in the photo"  

I saw a towering monster with fires all over its mouth.  The monster began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  The monster began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something great.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I said "I want to grow much larger"  The island suddenly began to kick me.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the island.  The dog began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow began to stand on me.  The scarecrow said "That sucks"  The scarecrow started shaking.  I saw a futuristic manager of the bed with mice on its mouth.  The manager of the bed began to throw some fires at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a blue island, and I said "I want to grow much larger"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly showed me several metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very anxious thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant man with bags on its eyes.  The man began to shake.  The man sprinted to a airport.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had done something terrible thinking this would help.  A statue showed up and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a cat began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The bags are in the car"  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and showed me several pencils.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat childlike"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue quickly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the phone" thinking this would help.  A man came out of nowhere and showed me several logs.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The man began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a blue dorm, and I stopped being afraid.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The dorm suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous dog with glass squares on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The dog began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

I saw a pale cat with bugs on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The cat began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly began to shake.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started shaking.  The person who looked just like me gave me some pens.  The cat began to take a photo of me.  The cat shook into thin air.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a statue started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the church.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  The scene changed to a island, with a director of the island wildly shrinking in height.  The director of the island began to grab me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The island suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a cat began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic inside the beach.  The beach suddenly showed me several spikes.  I don't know why, but I drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a bed.  The bed suddenly went to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the bed.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a cat quickly shrinking in height.  The cat drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was shaking in a towering beach, and I began to melt.  The beach suddenly stated "The logs are in the wooden square"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the beach.  A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of photos.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me melted into nothingness.  

I saw a small scarecrow with bugs coming out of its mouth.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of pencils.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a dog started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The dog ran to a dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some pens at me.  The dog shouted "The insects are in the fire"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a statue walked to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  The airport suddenly showed me several bumps.  A person who looked just like me showed up and drove to a dorm.  The statue began to melt.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The person who looked just like me crumbled into thin air.  

I was shaking in a red bed, and I began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly started melting.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly said "The fruit are in the snow"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with mice coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous monster with wooden squares all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The monster walked to a dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I saw a obscure teacher with metal triangles coming out of its toes.  The monster sprinted to a dorm.  The island suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large dinosaur with bumps on its feet.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur began to slap me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a leader of the church started shrinking in height.  The leader of the church began to grow much larger.  The leader of the church began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The leader of the church began to jump over me.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the church saying "You must look inside"  

I was shaking in a blue house, and I whispered "This is extremely futuristic"  The house suddenly gave me some photos.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the house.  A cat appeared and started crumbling.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The house suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

A statue came out of nowhere and went to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little graceful" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stated "Who are you?"  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a pale man with pencils sticking out of its feet.  The airport suddenly said "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The statue shook into thin air.  

I saw a huge dinosaur with pencils all over its mouth.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The dinosaur began to throw some pens at me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dog absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very large" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The statue began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the church.  The statue drove to a bed.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The bags are in the dog"  

I saw a futuristic man with fires on its feet.  The man began to stand on me.  The man began to throw some mice at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The dinosaur sprinted to a dorm.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely massive" for some reason.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and showed me several bumps.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt very furious.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something helpful, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a basement of a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the dining hall.  A person who looked just like me showed up and ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  The cat gave me some snows.  The cat began to yell at me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge dog with cats sticking out of its eyes.  The dog went to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The dog shook into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me stated "Why are you so obscure?"  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the island.  A monster appeared and started to spit out lots of bags.  The monster started shaking.  The monster began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly like I had done something great for some reason.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a beach.  A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several spikes.  The teacher began to shake.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the bed, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a green church, and I said "This is a little hideous"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to melt" for some reason.  The beach suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and gave me some cars.  The cat began to throw some pens at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The cat began to grab me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster wildly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The monster started to spit out lots of dogs.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with metal squares sticking out of its arms.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  The dinosaur showed me several bumps.  The dinosaur melted into thin air.  

I was shaking in a green basement of a dining hall, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  A monster appeared and began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the dining hall.  The monster started growing much larger.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a basement of a basement of a bed.  The basement of a basement of a bed suddenly gave me some bumps.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the bed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The island suddenly began to smack me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with mice everywhere.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  The airport suddenly ran to a dorm.  A teacher showed up and began to shrink in height.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The airport suddenly sprinted to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a manager of the basement of a airport wildly growing much larger.  The manager of the basement of a airport began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some bugs at me.  The classroom suddenly whispered "The lavas are in the dog"  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The teacher shook into thin air.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with spikes sticking out of its arms.  The scarecrow sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stated "What's going on?"  The scarecrow showed me several ices.  A teacher appeared and began to grab me.  The teacher said "You must look inside"  The scarecrow started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the island.  The island suddenly ran to a classroom.  A teacher showed up and started shaking.  The house suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly began to slap me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so massive?"  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with phones everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a house.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt slightly worried.  The dining hall suddenly went to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a green tin man with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man sprinted to a airport.  The tin man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a statue began to shake.  The house suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the house.  I saw a tiny tin man with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the house.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dinosaur said "That sucks"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow carefully shaking.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with lavas coming out of its eyes.  The dinosaur sprinted to a island.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dinosaur drove to a beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous statue with lavas sticking out of its legs.  The statue started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so hideous?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with cats everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the house.  The house suddenly walked to a dining hall.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny dog with cats sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dog began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the beach.  I saw a grotesque manager of the beach with bags all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a basement of a airport, but it's a very strange airport with bumps everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the airport.  I saw a massive cat with pencils sticking out of its legs.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with fires on its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and gave me some cars.  The scarecrow began to grab me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a classroom.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The classroom suddenly walked to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful statue with pencils on its mouth.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The statue started crumbling.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some cars at me.  I saw a bright scarecrow with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The statue started to spit out lots of logs.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  The statue began to melt, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a hideous house, and I shouted "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly showed me several pens.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a huge scarecrow with cats coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dinosaur slowly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the airport.  A statue appeared and started crumbling.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scarecrow began to throw some phones at me, but I tried to get it to throw some insects at me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a tin man ran to a basement of a basement of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue outside the church.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a island.  The island suddenly started crumbling.  The beach suddenly began to throw some lavas at me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a red church, and I began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the church.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a bright statue with fires coming out of its feet.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The statue stated "Why are you so bright?"  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the island.  A teacher showed up and began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "The phones are in the fruit"  

A cat appeared and said "The pens are in the wooden triangle"  The cat began to throw some cars at me, but I threw some wooden triangles at it and ran away.  The cat gave me some pencils.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a church.  The cat began to slap me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The church suddenly gave me some insects.  The cat grew much larger into the ground.  

A statue came out of nowhere and showed me several fruit.  The statue began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The statue began to smack me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I shouted "Hello?"  The classroom suddenly began to kick me.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a statue whispered "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The beach suddenly said "The cars are in the snow"  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a blue man with insects all over its toes.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The man ran to a classroom.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow quickly crumbling.  The man began to melt.  The man began to grow much larger.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange house with cars everywhere.  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the bed.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a classroom, with a dog quickly melting.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The dog began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of photos.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The cat began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The phones are in the lava"  

A tin man showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The tin man began to punch me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a man carefully shrinking in height.  The man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  A scarecrow showed up and began to throw some wooden squares at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the dining hall.  The man went to a house.  The tin man grew much larger into thin air.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and walked to a basement of a beach.  The beach suddenly showed me several bugs.  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a airport, with a cat wildly shaking.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a airport when all of a sudden a cat whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the airport.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a island.  The cat started to spit out lots of fruit.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the island.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful tin man with lavas on its tongue.  The tin man showed me several phones.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The teacher started melting.  The teacher went to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and began to crumble.  The teacher began to slap me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I saw a large dinosaur with bugs sticking out of its toes.  The basement of a dorm suddenly showed me several cats.  The teacher began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The teacher grew much larger into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a childlike island, and I wasn't happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The island suddenly walked to a house.  A statue appeared and started growing much larger.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The statue began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a massive cat with cats coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The cat began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "The bags are in the ice"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the island.  The cat sprinted to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the island, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a man sprinted to a island.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the church.  I saw a childlike dinosaur with pencils on its face.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I threw some insects at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The island suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue teacher with wooden squares all over its eyes.  The teacher began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The teacher started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green man with cars sticking out of its face.  The man whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man shouted "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Why are you so massive?"  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a teacher went to a church.  The teacher sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I saw a green scarecrow with dogs on its face.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the beach.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow shook into thin air.  

A dinosaur appeared and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur sprinted to a island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly went to a basement of a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly started growing much larger.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange basement of a island with bugs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely graceful" for some reason.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and sprinted to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the basement of a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the beach.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stated "I want to shake"  The bed suddenly went to a classroom.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man showed up and showed me several lavas.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a beach.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is a little tiny"  A dinosaur showed up and started growing much larger.  The dinosaur stated "Why are you so tiny?"  The dinosaur walked to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a cat showed me several dogs.  The cat sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the bed.  I saw a blue tin man with wooden triangles all over its tongue.  The cat began to stand on me, but I threw some logs at it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the bed.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I yelled at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a dorm.  The dining hall suddenly began to slap me.  The dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue carefully growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The statue began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to throw some wooden triangles at me.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of fires.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher quickly shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat blue"  The teacher started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike dog with wooden triangles on its toes.  The dog stated "The bags are in the dog"  The dog went to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A statue appeared and started to spit out lots of dogs.  The statue started growing much larger.  The statue began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The glass triangles are in the cat"  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a man began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  A person who looked just like me appeared and stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly went to a bed.  The dorm suddenly gave me some fruit, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little futuristic outside the house.  The house suddenly gave me some cats.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat carefully growing much larger.  The house suddenly sprinted to a airport.  The cat began to shake.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a massive scarecrow with lavas all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scarecrow shouted "That sucks"  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the dorm.  I saw a pleasant teacher with mice coming out of its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the beach.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A cat showed up and began to take a photo of me.  The cat began to slap me.  The cat began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some spikes at me.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with cars everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  I saw a massive leader of the beach with glass triangles coming out of its arms.  The beach suddenly gave me some phones.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  The leader of the beach grew much larger into thin air.  

A scarecrow showed up and said "The ices are in the car"  The scarecrow showed me several wooden triangles.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass triangles at me.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with bumps sticking out of its toes.  The island suddenly gave me some logs.  The island suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur showed up and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content thinking this would help.  The dinosaur sprinted to a classroom.  The scene changed to a beach, with a teacher carefully crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the classroom.  A dog came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the classroom.  The dog began to punch me.  The dinosaur grew much larger into nothingness.  

I saw a blue man with fires on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The man began to shoot me, but I shot it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The man began to slap me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the house.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a airport.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I wasn't happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic inside the basement of a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and sprinted to a island.  The tin man walked to a basement of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large outside the basement of a bed.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with photos everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the dorm.  I saw a massive man with bumps on its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the dorm.  The man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A scarecrow appeared and sprinted to a bed.  The bed suddenly drove to a classroom.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a airport when all of a sudden a monster showed me several insects.  The monster showed me several pencils.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  A tin man showed up and began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so massive?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the basement of a airport, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and gave me some bumps.  The cat stated "That sucks"  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The cat began to throw some bags at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The cat shrunk in height into thin air.  

I was shrinking in height in a large beach, and I felt very like I had accomplished something satisfying.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the beach.  A dinosaur showed up and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dinosaur ran to a basement of a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A monster came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The monster began to melt.  The monster drove to a classroom.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the dining hall.  A leader of the dining hall came out of nowhere and went to a basement of a church.  The basement of a church suddenly walked to a bed.  The leader of the dining hall began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the dining hall saying "Why are you so massive?"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and walked to a beach.  The teacher began to throw some wooden squares at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly drove to a basement of a basement of a dorm.  I saw a obscure monster with dogs on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The monster began to crumble.  The monster grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a large statue with metal triangles all over its mouth.  The statue began to yell at me.  The statue began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The scene changed to a house, with a cat quickly melting.  The house suddenly began to jump over me.  A person who looked just like me showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The cat started to spit out lots of cats.  The statue drove to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stated "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  A tin man showed up and whispered "The dogs are in the lava"  The dinosaur showed me several snows.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a bed when all of a sudden a statue started melting.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly began to melt.  The statue began to kick me.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster started growing much larger.  The monster began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the dorm.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a island.  The monster began to throw some snows at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The monster showed me several pens.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous man with phones all over its legs.  The man started to spit out lots of cars.  The man gave me some wooden triangles.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I whispered "Hello?"  The beach suddenly began to sing to me.  I saw a pale statue with logs sticking out of its toes.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

A man appeared and whispered "The logs are in the spike"  The man began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The man shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I was growing much larger in a pale island, and I wasn't afraid.  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the island.  I saw a massive teacher with ices all over its arms.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a bed.  A teacher showed up and started shaking.  The teacher started to spit out lots of dogs.  The beach suddenly drove to a airport.  The teacher grew much larger into thin air.  

A statue appeared and started growing much larger.  The statue began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The statue began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something terrible.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't afraid.  The statue drove to a beach.  A man showed up and said "The wooden triangles are in the fruit"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the bed.  The bed suddenly ran to a beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a basement of a church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?"  The basement of a church suddenly said "The glass squares are in the spike"  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to stand on me.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The tin man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The tin man shook into thin air.  

A man appeared and went to a bed.  The man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The man began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a church, with a dog absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the bed.  I saw a small director of the church with insects coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The director of the church started to spit out lots of bags.  The dog crumbled into the ground.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat quickly growing much larger.  The beach suddenly started melting.  A monster showed up and whispered "The insects are in the pencil"  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the beach.  The scarecrow crumbled into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is somewhat green" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge outside the island.  I saw a large statue with snows sticking out of its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the dining hall.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "The cars are in the snow"  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The statue began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a beach.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The bed suddenly started shaking.  I saw a childlike man with logs sticking out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried thinking this would help.  The man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt slightly like I had accomplished something great.  The dining hall suddenly began to yell at me.  I saw a enormous monster with lavas on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The monster began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The scarecrow melted into the ground.  

A cat showed up and gave me some ices.  The cat started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a monster quickly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the church.  I saw a small person who looked just like me with metal squares all over its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The statue began to slap me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The statue began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  The statue began to grab me.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  The statue melted into thin air.  

I was melting in a pale classroom, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  A man appeared and started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous inside the classroom.  The man gave me some lavas.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque man with logs sticking out of its arms.  The man began to kick me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The man began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to grow much larger.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a small man with spikes coming out of its feet.  The man began to jump over me, but I threw some metal squares at it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur slowly crumbling.  The man began to smack me, but I shot it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me showed up and sprinted to a basement of a classroom.  The person who looked just like me gave me some pencils.  The dining hall suddenly said "The glass squares are in the pencil"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering teacher with bugs sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little childlike" for some reason.  The teacher started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The house suddenly began to shake.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a statue began to smack me.  The statue began to kick me.  The statue shouted "That sucks"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a airport.  The classroom suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the metal square" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being worried.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and ran to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the dorm.  The dog started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The man showed me several spikes.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The man began to crumble.  A cat appeared and went to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the dorm.  The cat began to throw some bugs at me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous man with insects sticking out of its face.  The man began to shoot me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The man started to spit out lots of pens.  The scene changed to a bed, with a dinosaur slowly crumbling.  The man began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The man began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the bed, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a basement of a dorm, but it's a very strange basement of a dorm with mice everywhere.  The basement of a dorm suddenly started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the basement of a dorm.  The scene changed to a church, with a dinosaur quickly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the dorm.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely hideous"  The dinosaur shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a blue man with glass squares all over its tongue.  The man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The scene changed to a bed, with a cat wildly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

A monster appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The monster began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The monster showed me several logs.  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue absent-mindedly crumbling.  The monster began to jump over me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a enormous scarecrow with insects all over its eyes.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  The monster grew much larger into the ground.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green inside the church.  A monster came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so graceful?"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the classroom.  A statue appeared and began to grow much larger.  The statue began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The statue started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A teacher appeared and started melting.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The teacher began to crumble, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bugs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the church.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster wildly melting.  The monster began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A man came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The man started to spit out lots of insects.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The man began to shake, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a towering classroom, and I whispered "I want to melt"  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the classroom.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and sprinted to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is a little small" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a childlike dorm, and I wasn't scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the dorm.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow showed up and started melting.  The scarecrow began to throw some wooden squares at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The scarecrow started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake", and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the dorm.  A person who looked just like me appeared and began to melt.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and said "Hey man, it happens"  The man walked to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the dorm.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a island.  The man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  I saw a enormous statue with cars on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  The statue began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had done something satisfying thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the bed.  The scarecrow shouted "You must look inside"  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and gave me some ices.  The scarecrow drove to a house.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a graceful bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  I saw a grotesque dog with photos sticking out of its legs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the bed.  The dog began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a church.  The church suddenly drove to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the church.  The church suddenly sprinted to a dining hall, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering dog with pens coming out of its face.  The dog began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dog began to throw some fruit at me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the bed.  The dinosaur began to melt.  A tin man showed up and began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur stated "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and showed me several wooden squares.  The man began to slap me.  The man went to a airport.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue wildly melting.  The man drove to a dorm.  I saw a pleasant scarecrow with lavas on its tongue.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the classroom.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of insects.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified for some reason, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shake.  The person who looked just like me showed me several metal squares.  The cat began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a basement of a airport.  The cat began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a tiny dinosaur with logs on its arms.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a large man with insects all over its face.  The man began to throw some pens at me.  The man stated "Why are you so green?"  The man began to melt, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and started to spit out lots of mice.  The dinosaur walked to a airport.  The dinosaur began to throw some fires at me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

I was melting in a hideous basement of a airport, and I felt very anxious.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright inside the basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very content thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a dining hall, and I said "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering inside the basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and gave me some logs.  The scarecrow showed me several glass squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the airport.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a large beach, and I began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly began to sing to me.  The beach suddenly began to grab me.  A man came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The man began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a hideous monster with fires on its legs.  The monster began to throw some ices at me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A tin man showed up and walked to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the airport.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the bag" for some reason.  The cat went to a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The cat began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the dining hall.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a bright house, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The house suddenly ran to a bed.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a leader of the house quickly melting.  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the leader of the house saying "The glass triangles are in the fruit"  

I saw a tiny monster with logs all over its eyes.  The monster started to spit out lots of glass squares.  The monster began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a statue slowly crumbling.  The statue began to yell at me.  I saw a hideous man with bugs coming out of its back.  The statue gave me some metal triangles.  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me, and I smiled.  

A statue showed up and began to slap me.  The statue began to yell at me.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the church.  The statue began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the church, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and began to shake.  The tin man began to punch me.  The tin man began to grab me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a beach.  The tin man went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the beach.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so huge?"  

A dog came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dog began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a small statue with pens coming out of its legs.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  The statue whispered "Why are you so small?"  I don't know why, but I drove to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright inside the island.  The statue started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a pleasant teacher with snows sticking out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  The teacher stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike dinosaur with dogs coming out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely tiny"  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

I saw a enormous man with bumps sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The man shouted "That sucks"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "This is very towering"  A tin man appeared and said "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly gave me some ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the house.  The man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat pale", and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny tin man with fires coming out of its tongue.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The tin man started to spit out lots of ices.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a director of the dorm carefully growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  A dog showed up and walked to a house.  The tin man started shaking.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the house, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with bugs everywhere.  The airport suddenly walked to a beach.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  I saw a red statue with bags all over its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the airport.  The statue began to shoot me, but I jumped over it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me went to a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The classroom suddenly gave me some cats.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" for some reason.  The bed suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some ices at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with snows everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  I saw a graceful teacher with pencils on its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the bed.  The bed suddenly gave me some cars.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with logs on its mouth.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow said "The metal triangles are in the cat"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with spikes everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the beach.  I saw a graceful teacher with snows all over its toes.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so huge?" for some reason.  The teacher grew much larger into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to kick me.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the island.  A manager of the island showed up and gave me some metal squares.  The manager of the island sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the bed.  The person who looked just like me showed me several cars, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dorm when all of a sudden a dinosaur started to spit out lots of fires.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The dinosaur gave me some bugs.  I saw a blue man with spikes on its toes.  The dinosaur started melting.  The man started to spit out lots of bumps.  The dinosaur began to throw some cats at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant classroom, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" for some reason.  A dinosaur appeared and began to shrink in height.  The classroom suddenly whispered "The cats are in the log"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so pleasant?"  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with bags everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the beach.  A statue came out of nowhere and whispered "The cats are in the spike"  The beach suddenly ran to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and whispered "You must look inside"  The cat began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something wrong.  The cat began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The bed suddenly showed me several bags.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the bed.  A dog appeared and began to shake.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dog began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The cat gave me some dogs.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the dining hall.  The cat shook into the ground.  

A cat came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of cats.  The cat began to punch me, but I screamed at it "This is a little large"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being concerned.  The cat whispered "Why are you so large?"  The cat began to smack me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The cat began to shake, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house with phones everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the house.  The house suddenly stated "Why are you so hideous?"  I saw a massive monster with dogs sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The monster began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and began to shrink in height.  The man ran to a house.  The man began to throw some phones at me, but I could tell it was getting very like I had accomplished something terrible.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being happy about it.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a grotesque dog with photos coming out of its arms.  The dog showed me several mice.  The man started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and began to stand on me.  The man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The man began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The man began to throw some bags at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

A statue came out of nowhere and showed me several pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dining hall.  The statue sprinted to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with cars everywhere.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I saw a small teacher with logs on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red inside the beach.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

I saw a large monster with mice coming out of its face.  The monster began to slap me.  The monster began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I don't know why, but I ran to a beach.  The monster started to spit out lots of cars.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of snows.  The monster stated "Why are you so large?"  The monster started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a bed.  The bed suddenly drove to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque outside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The tin man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a basement of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the basement of a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  A dog came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the island.  The dog began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

A tin man showed up and whispered "The ices are in the lava"  The tin man started shaking.  The tin man began to yell at me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a huge dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful outside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely green outside the dorm.  A monster came out of nowhere and walked to a church.  The monster began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The monster began to throw some lavas at me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with spikes everywhere.  The airport suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being scared.  The airport suddenly began to kick me.  The beach suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the airport, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a green church, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright inside the church.  I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with logs on its face.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The church suddenly ran to a airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with photos on its arms.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The teacher started to spit out lots of snows.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man appeared and began to crumble.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The tin man showed me several snows.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and ran to a airport.  The airport suddenly went to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster showed up and gave me some logs.  The monster began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The monster began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The basement of a classroom suddenly gave me some bumps.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue appeared and began to slap me.  The statue began to punch me.  The statue began to stand on me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a director of the church absent-mindedly crumbling.  The statue started to spit out lots of dogs.  A man came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The church suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The statue began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and began to grab me.  The teacher began to melt.  The teacher began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The teacher said "Why are you so obscure?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a huge tin man with snows coming out of its legs.  The tin man started shaking.  The tin man gave me some pens.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to throw some wooden squares at me.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "You must look inside"  

A statue appeared and sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

A dog showed up and started to spit out lots of pens.  The dog started crumbling.  The dog began to take a photo of me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a house.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bugs everywhere.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the church.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a dog quickly melting.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dog drove to a airport.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I was melting in a pale house, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  The house suddenly went to a bed.  A scarecrow appeared and drove to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small outside the dining hall.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scarecrow crumbled into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me ran to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the airport.  The airport suddenly walked to a basement of a house.  A tin man came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me drove to a church.  The tin man started growing much larger.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me gave me some phones.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous outside the basement of a dorm.  A tin man showed up and whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The dinosaur began to throw some fires at me.  The dinosaur started shaking.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur started to spit out lots of fruit.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely bright outside the airport.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  A scarecrow showed up and started to spit out lots of snows.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

A statue showed up and started melting.  The statue began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic dog with spikes coming out of its toes.  The dog showed me several pencils.  The dog walked to a house.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The dog melted into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange dining hall with fruit everywhere.  The airport suddenly said "The phones are in the pencil"  The basement of a dining hall suddenly showed me several lavas.  A man appeared and started to spit out lots of pens.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me showed me several insects.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The classroom suddenly walked to a beach.  I saw a obscure scarecrow with wooden squares coming out of its back.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the beach.  The person who looked just like me drove to a bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur showed up and started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The dinosaur said "The pens are in the pen"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with insects everywhere.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a island.  The scene changed to a bed, with a man quickly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the bed.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous dinosaur with logs sticking out of its eyes.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur began to smack me.  The scene changed to a basement of a basement of a dorm, with a dog absent-mindedly shrinking in height.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little furious.  The dog began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I threw some ices at it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive teacher with wooden squares sticking out of its legs.  The teacher stated "The metal triangles are in the car"  The teacher shouted "The cars are in the ice"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "What's going on?"  The beach suddenly showed me several lavas.  The beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher showed up and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The teacher crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque teacher with fires coming out of its arms.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The teacher began to punch me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I jolted awake.  

A dog showed up and went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  The dining hall suddenly stated "That sucks"  A teacher appeared and whispered "The pencils are in the car"  The dog began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The teacher started melting.  The dining hall suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and drove to a dining hall.  The dog ran to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and started to spit out lots of ices.  The man began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The man began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The man went to a classroom, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange basement of a bed with spikes everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The bed suddenly went to a house.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a hideous church, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque inside the church.  I saw a enormous statue with fires coming out of its toes.  The statue gave me some photos.  The church suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the church, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and walked to a house.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and began to kick me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The cat began to throw some ices at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the island.  A teacher showed up and started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the island.  The island suddenly walked to a house.  The teacher shrunk in height into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a cat gave me some bugs.  The cat started growing much larger.  The beach suddenly began to slap me.  I saw a towering man with bumps on its toes.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The man showed me several lavas.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason, and I smiled.  

A teacher showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The teacher began to shoot me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the basement of a island.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a huge tin man with cars coming out of its legs.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The tin man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a pleasant bed, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stated "That sucks"  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of phones.  The island suddenly stated "Why are you so pleasant?"  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a airport when all of a sudden a cat gave me some pens.  The airport suddenly stated "The cars are in the wooden triangle"  The cat whispered "You must look inside"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "The insects are in the mouse"  

I was growing much larger in a massive church, and I felt strangely nervous.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the church.  The church suddenly began to sing to me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a grotesque cat with pencils sticking out of its toes.  The cat began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The cat showed me several fires.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The cat whispered "That sucks"  I saw a red scarecrow with glass squares coming out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a cat started to spit out lots of insects.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the airport.  The cat gave me some bumps.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow quickly shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly whispered "The pens are in the bag"  The bed suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with fruit everywhere.  The island suddenly started shaking.  The island suddenly began to grab me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the island.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  The cat started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shrink in height.  The cat began to grow much larger.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to melt.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried thinking this would help.  The dog shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I was melting in a graceful beach, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I saw a bright cat with fires all over its toes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the beach.  The cat began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  The beach suddenly began to melt, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dinosaur started growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I saw a futuristic statue with mice on its back.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The monster began to throw some lavas at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The monster started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the island.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale man with insects all over its toes.  The man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The man shouted "You must look inside"  A dog came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the airport.  The man began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a massive island, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the island.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a grotesque dog with pens coming out of its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the island.  The dog started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The man began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The wooden triangles are in the glass square"  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic island, and I felt a little content.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the island.  I saw a graceful manager of the island with ices all over its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The manager of the island began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The manager of the island continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque dog with photos sticking out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The dog began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "I want to grow much larger"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The monster began to smack me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster began to throw some lavas at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a beach.  The beach suddenly said "You must look inside"  I saw a massive man with pencils all over its eyes.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a house.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with fires everywhere.  The bed suddenly whispered "The ices are in the phone"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike inside the bed.  I saw a huge dinosaur with pencils coming out of its face.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to shoot me, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to shoot me.  The airport suddenly began to slap me.  The airport suddenly ran to a dining hall.  I saw a grotesque monster with insects on its face.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a towering island, and I wasn't worried.  The island suddenly gave me some pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious for some reason.  The church suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me said "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly drove to a airport, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with pens everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the beach.  The beach suddenly drove to a church.  I saw a huge cat with bumps on its eyes.  The cat began to kick me.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The statue began to melt.  The statue began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I wasn't scared.  The classroom suddenly started crumbling.  The classroom suddenly gave me some bumps.  The statue started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  The man began to melt.  The man gave me some photos.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly went to a island.  I saw a green statue with dogs all over its tongue.  The island suddenly whispered "The glass triangles are in the spike"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a blue man with bumps coming out of its face.  The man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The man started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me wildly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the bed.  A monster appeared and whispered "That sucks"  The monster began to punch me.  The bed suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the bed, and I smiled.  

I saw a childlike dog with glass triangles all over its tongue.  The dog started melting.  The dog sprinted to a church.  The dog grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a grotesque monster with bugs all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The monster began to slap me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat red"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the dining hall.  A tin man showed up and said "You must look inside"  The monster started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure outside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

I saw a hideous statue with pens sticking out of its arms.  The statue began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The statue drove to a basement of a bed.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shrink in height.  The statue gave me some logs.  A director of the dorm came out of nowhere and whispered "You must look inside"  The director of the dorm began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of lavas.  The basement of a bed suddenly whispered "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I saw a obscure scarecrow with snows coming out of its eyes.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I threw some glass triangles at it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scarecrow said "Hey man, it happens"  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with cars everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being concerned.  The airport suddenly drove to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with phones everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so small?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a church when all of a sudden a man began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the church.  The man started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being worried.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  The church suddenly began to jump over me.  The man crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a large dinosaur with mice on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a tin man slowly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the basement of a house.  The tin man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was shaking in a graceful dorm, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?"  The dorm suddenly gave me some metal triangles.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a small teacher with bumps all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The teacher melted into nothingness.  

I saw a pleasant tin man with bags on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the airport.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the house.  A teacher showed up and ran to a basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" for some reason.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "Why are you so graceful?"  The teacher shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a large dog with logs coming out of its mouth.  The dog began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dog began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I saw a graceful man with lavas all over its face.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The photos are in the insect"  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a dog began to throw some pens at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the island.  I saw a childlike cat with spikes sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The cat began to throw some bugs at me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous scarecrow with snows coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur carefully crumbling.  The scarecrow began to punch me.  The house suddenly went to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and began to punch me.  The man began to shake.  The man stated "You must look inside"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  A director of the house came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The man began to grab me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the house.  The last thing I remember is the director of the house saying "The glass squares are in the metal triangle"  

I was melting in a green house, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  A monster appeared and showed me several metal triangles.  The house suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "That sucks" thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with fires everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge outside the church.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the church.  The church suddenly started melting.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The cat began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I walked to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the dining hall.  The cat melted into the ground.  

I saw a blue teacher with pencils on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The teacher drove to a dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a childlike island, and I heard a voice say "The pencils are in the bump"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely huge inside the island.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike teacher with cars all over its tongue.  The teacher began to take a photo of me.  The teacher walked to a church.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a classroom.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a church.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I said "Hello?"  The bed suddenly started melting.  The classroom suddenly started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a tiny church, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the beach.  The basement of a beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a statue began to punch me.  The statue sprinted to a classroom.  The statue started melting.  I saw a towering manager of the classroom with lavas sticking out of its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a red island, and I began to crumble.  The island suddenly said "Why are you so red?"  The island suddenly showed me several logs.  A dog showed up and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a teacher shouted "You must look inside"  The teacher started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a bright man with pens all over its legs.  The man went to a house.  The man began to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stopped being concerned.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The house suddenly walked to a dining hall.  The man began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with cars everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the basement of a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

A dinosaur appeared and gave me some snows.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a manager of the classroom quickly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the classroom.  A cat showed up and gave me some dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to throw some cars at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The spikes are in the spike"  

A tin man appeared and gave me some pencils.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The tin man began to grab me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The tin man began to punch me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  I saw a small scarecrow with logs all over its arms.  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  The tin man began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with fruit on its feet.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly went to a house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant statue with pencils sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat quickly melting.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  A dog appeared and said "You must look inside"  The cat ran to a classroom.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dog shook into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a monster began to throw some mice at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the church.  A statue came out of nowhere and sprinted to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  The dorm suddenly began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

A dinosaur appeared and started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The dinosaur began to throw some photos at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a bed.  The dinosaur began to yell at me.  The dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red statue with insects on its legs.  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" for some reason.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the island.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something helpful.  The statue gave me some fires, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a blue airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to throw some dogs at me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and walked to a basement of a beach.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The basement of a beach suddenly began to shrink in height.  The bed suddenly showed me several dogs, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a obscure classroom, and I said "What's going on?"  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a huge man with lavas on its tongue.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some wooden squares at me.  The man began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the dining hall.  A dinosaur showed up and began to crumble.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful monster with fires sticking out of its feet.  The monster began to grab me, but I shot it and ran away.  The monster stated "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a teacher slowly melting.  The teacher began to melt.  A person who looked just like me showed up and showed me several photos.  The person who looked just like me whispered "Why are you so graceful?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a tin man stated "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the bed.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I saw a childlike monster with ices all over its back.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster started melting.  The tin man melted into the ground.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and gave me some bags.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The teacher started to spit out lots of snows.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to sing to me.  A monster came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The monster began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The teacher drove to a basement of a basement of a dorm.  The monster shook into nothingness.  

A cat showed up and walked to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the bed.  The cat began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I whispered "Who are you?"  The cat went to a basement of a dorm.  I saw a pale dog with pens coming out of its tongue.  The cat began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dog began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The airport suddenly gave me some ices.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a futuristic statue with wooden triangles on its tongue.  The statue began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The statue began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I felt slightly content.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a green island, and I wasn't worried.  The island suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the island.  I saw a graceful tin man with snows sticking out of its arms.  The island suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure outside the island, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several cars.  The scene changed to a bed, with a scarecrow slowly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue inside the basement of a dining hall.  A teacher appeared and went to a house.  The cat began to stand on me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I was shaking in a futuristic island, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the photo" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the island.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and started crumbling.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I stopped being worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I saw a hideous cat with pencils on its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pale inside the beach.  The cat began to smack me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake", and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and started shaking.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a dinosaur wildly shrinking in height.  The house suddenly began to grab me.  I saw a red scarecrow with metal triangles sticking out of its eyes.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the glass triangle" thinking this would help.  A scarecrow appeared and started shaking.  The scarecrow drove to a beach.  The cat gave me some bugs.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a man started growing much larger.  The man went to a classroom.  The man began to smack me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a teacher began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  I saw a futuristic statue with fruit on its legs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the dorm.  The statue began to slap me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The teacher shook into thin air.  

I saw a obscure cat with spikes all over its eyes.  The cat started shaking.  The cat ran to a church.  The scene changed to a island, with a monster carefully crumbling.  The cat began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the church.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I whispered "This is somewhat red"  The beach suddenly walked to a dorm.  The beach suddenly showed me several snows.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive inside the house, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a dorm when all of a sudden a cat shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the dorm.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I saw a massive statue with bumps coming out of its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the dorm.  The cat began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm melting in a classroom when all of a sudden a statue began to yell at me.  The statue began to kick me.  The classroom suddenly gave me some bugs.  The scene changed to a airport, with a tin man wildly shaking.  The statue began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The tin man began to slap me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The tin man shrunk in height into thin air.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with dogs everywhere.  The dorm suddenly started growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to crumble.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the dorm.  The house suddenly gave me some bumps.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a cat sprinted to a airport.  The cat started melting.  The cat began to throw some wooden triangles at me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the bed.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The cat shook into thin air.  

I was shaking in a graceful beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so graceful?"  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the beach.  I saw a huge cat with fires coming out of its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "This is extremely futuristic" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The cat began to crumble, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with logs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the church.  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with bumps on its mouth.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the church.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with fruit everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  I don't know why, but I walked to a house.  The house suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little hideous inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large outside the house.  The scene changed to a island, with a man quickly crumbling.  The man sprinted to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large teacher with logs sticking out of its tongue.  The teacher started melting.  The teacher started shaking.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the house.  The teacher began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

I'm crumbling in a church when all of a sudden a director of the church began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster carefully shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the director of the church saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

I was shaking in a futuristic classroom, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so futuristic?"  The classroom suddenly gave me some wooden squares.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man absent-mindedly crumbling.  The tin man showed me several bumps.  The tin man started melting.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

I saw a green statue with mice sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The statue began to stand on me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly began to melt.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a dog sprinted to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the island.  The dog ran to a basement of a dorm.  A person who looked just like me appeared and walked to a dining hall.  The dog began to shoot me.  The basement of a dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

A tin man appeared and stated "You must look inside"  The tin man began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with dogs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a grotesque dinosaur with lavas sticking out of its eyes.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue showed up and started growing much larger.  The statue began to throw some cats at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The statue gave me some fires.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very huge outside the island.  The scene changed to a airport, with a leader of the airport quickly growing much larger.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The leader of the airport started shaking.  The leader of the airport crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a graceful tin man with lavas on its toes.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large monster with insects on its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The monster began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a island.  The monster began to yell at me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The monster walked to a basement of a church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a hideous person who looked just like me with spikes coming out of its toes.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the classroom.  A statue showed up and showed me several insects.  The statue began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and walked to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the dorm.  The scene changed to a airport, with a teacher slowly shrinking in height.  The dorm suddenly began to grab me.  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a massive cat with bumps all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very hideous" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shake.  The cat began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The cat whispered "The pencils are in the pen"  The classroom suddenly said "The ices are in the phone", and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a basement of a dining hall when all of a sudden a scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the basement of a dining hall.  The scarecrow began to yell at me.  A statue appeared and started growing much larger.  The statue began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the basement of a dining hall.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful cat with metal squares sticking out of its toes.  The cat began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The cat started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to melt.  The cat started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the beach, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a grotesque airport, and I wasn't afraid.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the airport.  A scarecrow appeared and began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The scarecrow melted into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach with pencils everywhere.  The beach suddenly began to punch me.  The beach suddenly shouted "The snows are in the glass square"  I wanted to stay, but I went to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the church.  The church suddenly said "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a tiny tin man with spikes sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man began to jump over me.  The tin man began to throw some cars at me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  The tin man began to throw some phones at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I began to shake.  The tin man showed me several ices.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with photos everywhere.  The church suddenly began to crumble.  The church suddenly began to shake.  I saw a small statue with bags coming out of its face.  The statue began to slap me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and stated "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The monster said "That sucks"  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The monster sprinted to a island.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The metal squares are in the pen"  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with snows everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very futuristic outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some wooden squares.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a beach.  The dorm suddenly began to kick me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely small inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a bed.  The church suddenly started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dinosaur quickly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous inside the beach.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Why are you so enormous?"  

A scarecrow showed up and said "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a bright dinosaur with cars on its tongue.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a dining hall.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I saw a large scarecrow with fires all over its toes.  The dinosaur said "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scarecrow shook into the ground.  

A cat showed up and began to slap me.  The cat began to shake.  The cat began to throw some logs at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I wasn't happy about it.  The cat began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  A teacher appeared and began to smack me.  The bed suddenly stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the bed.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow drove to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green inside the island.  The classroom suddenly shouted "The spikes are in the cat"  I don't know why, but I went to a church.  The scarecrow said "The wooden squares are in the ice"  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the church.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with spikes all over its mouth.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  The statue showed me several fires.  The statue began to shake.  The scene changed to a beach, with a leader of the beach absent-mindedly crumbling.  The statue began to smack me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  A man appeared and showed me several photos.  The statue drove to a church.  The leader of the beach began to throw some bags at me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful dog with bugs sticking out of its back.  The dog began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher slowly shrinking in height.  The teacher walked to a house.  I saw a tiny tin man with dogs coming out of its tongue.  The tin man began to shake.  The house suddenly began to sing to me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so childlike?"  

A cat appeared and began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little worried thinking this would help.  The cat began to throw some pens at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A monster appeared and gave me some cats.  The monster began to yell at me.  The monster began to throw some photos at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to crumble.  The monster drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the church.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure teacher with wooden squares coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The teacher began to kick me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I shouted "What's going on?"  The teacher began to shoot me.  A man showed up and drove to a dorm.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The teacher went to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the church.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a house, with a cat quickly melting.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The house suddenly began to slap me.  The church suddenly began to yell at me, and I smiled.  

A dog came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The dog ran to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to throw some cars at me.  The scene changed to a basement of a bed, with a dinosaur absent-mindedly growing much larger.  The dog began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I saw a red man with cats coming out of its feet.  The classroom suddenly drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue monster with logs all over its mouth.  The monster began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a green island, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so green?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering outside the island.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to throw some bugs at me.  The tin man began to yell at me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue wildly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the classroom.  I saw a huge dinosaur with ices coming out of its legs.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  The statue ran to a dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The classroom suddenly walked to a church.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive man with mice all over its back.  The man started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher slowly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the church, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several spikes.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely futuristic"  The teacher gave me some fruit.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog wildly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so blue?"  

I saw a grotesque dog with photos coming out of its tongue.  The dog began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The dog drove to a island.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with bugs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the airport.  A dog showed up and began to yell at me.  The airport suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny inside the airport.  The dog melted into thin air.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a monster walked to a airport.  The island suddenly started growing much larger.  The monster went to a house.  I saw a bright person who looked just like me with insects on its toes.  The person who looked just like me stated "Why are you so bright?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow showed up and began to jump over me.  The scarecrow stated "The metal squares are in the glass square"  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I whispered "What's going on?"  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of fires.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

I saw a blue teacher with phones on its toes.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The scene changed to a house, with a statue absent-mindedly shaking.  The teacher began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I saw a massive scarecrow with cars coming out of its face.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  The teacher shrunk in height into thin air.  

I saw a green statue with bumps coming out of its mouth.  The statue showed me several snows.  The statue began to crumble.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a church.  The church suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the church.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a futuristic tin man with spikes on its mouth.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a dining hall.  The tin man began to throw some cats at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I saw a tiny statue with phones all over its back.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat bright"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the dining hall.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive bed, and I wasn't scared.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a teacher began to grab me.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering inside the beach.  I saw a blue cat with glass triangles on its legs.  The teacher began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The cat showed me several wooden triangles.  The cat shook into nothingness.  

A dog came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dog showed me several snows.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a man walked to a beach.  The man gave me some bugs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The classroom suddenly gave me some dogs.  The man stated "The insects are in the ice", and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a airport when all of a sudden a statue started shaking.  The statue began to grab me.  The statue began to crumble.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a cat wildly crumbling.  The statue began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  The statue started to spit out lots of bugs.  The cat melted into the ground.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a leader of the bed said "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the bed.  The leader of the bed began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something wrong.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a airport.  The leader of the bed began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The leader of the bed started melting.  The leader of the bed crumbled into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly whispered "The logs are in the snow"  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a church, with a scarecrow quickly melting.  The dining hall suddenly started growing much larger.  The cat started to spit out lots of metal squares.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and started to spit out lots of cars.  The dog began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I ran to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the bed.  The dog sprinted to a basement of a house.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a blue church, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The church suddenly whispered "Why are you so blue?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the church.  I saw a towering man with pens on its mouth.  The man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The church suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The man went to a house, and I smiled.  

I saw a graceful scarecrow with pens all over its tongue.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting very terrified.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stated "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  A man appeared and drove to a beach.  The scarecrow began to slap me.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  The house suddenly gave me some bugs.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The house suddenly went to a basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful outside the house.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and drove to a basement of a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the basement of a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the basement of a church.  I saw a towering dinosaur with dogs sticking out of its toes.  The basement of a church suddenly walked to a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The dog shrunk in height into thin air.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to shake.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bugs.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some cars at me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the classroom.  I saw a red monster with fires on its tongue.  The monster began to throw some cats at me, but I screamed at it "This is very small"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the classroom.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little nervous for some reason.  The cat sprinted to a dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to smack me.  I saw a pleasant teacher with ices sticking out of its toes.  The cat drove to a dining hall.  The teacher began to throw some logs at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started melting.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of phones.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The scene changed to a house, with a teacher slowly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some logs at me.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a small dining hall, and I wasn't concerned.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man quickly shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the church.  The tin man began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of spikes.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I wasn't concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale tin man with spikes all over its arms.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The scene changed to a bed, with a teacher wildly crumbling.  The teacher started to spit out lots of phones.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the bed.  The bed suddenly gave me some bugs.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is a little blue" for some reason.  The island suddenly stated "That sucks"  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a dinosaur wildly shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The dining hall suddenly began to stand on me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and began to shake.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The scarecrow crumbled into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a classroom when all of a sudden a man began to shake.  The man began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the classroom.  A teacher came out of nowhere and began to kick me.  The airport suddenly went to a church.  The classroom suddenly walked to a beach.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

A dinosaur appeared and started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I saw a bright scarecrow with pencils on its mouth.  The scarecrow began to sing to me.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  The dinosaur started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with phones everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is extremely hideous" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the airport.  I saw a huge cat with fruit coming out of its feet.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The cat drove to a basement of a church.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the church.  The airport suddenly stated "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't happy about it.  The airport suddenly started shaking.  The church suddenly began to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  The beach suddenly began to throw some phones at me.  A man appeared and said "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with bags on its back.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely terrified.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the dorm.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with photos all over its back.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I said "This is somewhat enormous"  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the house.  I saw a huge scarecrow with ices sticking out of its arms.  The scarecrow began to throw some pens at me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the house.  The scarecrow crumbled into nothingness.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow started shaking.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a leader of the classroom slowly growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to melt.  The scarecrow stated "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with dogs everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the church.  The church suddenly drove to a classroom.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me whispered "Why are you so obscure?"  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I whispered "Hello?"  The bed suddenly showed me several snows.  A teacher came out of nowhere and ran to a airport.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the bed.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a large dorm, and I stated "This is very tiny"  The dorm suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to shoot me.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  The tin man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly showed me several cats.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shaking.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is a little pleasant"  The tin man walked to a classroom.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike cat with lavas on its legs.  The cat began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  The cat began to smack me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The cat ran to a airport, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a tiny airport, and I stopped being worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly drove to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The beach suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a cat started crumbling.  The cat whispered "You must look inside"  The cat began to throw some ices at me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  A dinosaur appeared and drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a basement of a airport.  The dinosaur walked to a house.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a cat started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pale inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the house.  A dinosaur appeared and said "Why are you so large?"  The house suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The wooden squares are in the spike" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a graceful airport, and I whispered "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the airport.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I stopped being scared.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly stated "You must look inside", and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a house when all of a sudden a man started to spit out lots of cars.  The man gave me some dogs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the house.  I saw a hideous leader of the house with bugs all over its mouth.  The house suddenly started shaking.  The house suddenly began to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to shake.  The person who looked just like me walked to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The spikes are in the cat" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something terrible.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat showed up and started growing much larger.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The cat whispered "The spikes are in the spike"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I whispered "I want to grow much larger"  The cat began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The cat began to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a man shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The church suddenly gave me some photos.  The man began to punch me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  A leader of the airport came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The leader of the airport began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The leader of the airport continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large tin man with lavas sticking out of its face.  The tin man began to jump over me.  The tin man started growing much larger.  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with bags everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the airport.  I saw a graceful monster with dogs coming out of its legs.  The monster started shrinking in height.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  A tin man showed up and began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the bed.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and began to shake.  The statue began to throw some insects at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is a little grotesque" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the island.  A man came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely blue inside the island.  The island suddenly showed me several wooden triangles.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge dinosaur with bugs on its legs.  The man began to smack me, but I threw some bumps at it and ran away.  The man began to slap me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dog went to a airport.  I don't know why, but I ran to a basement of a basement of a house.  The dog started shrinking in height.  I saw a huge teacher with dogs all over its tongue.  The airport suddenly began to punch me.  The basement of a house suddenly began to crumble.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with cats everywhere.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  I don't know why, but I drove to a house.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with bags everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  A man showed up and walked to a basement of a church.  The man started shaking.  The church suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the church, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a green church, and I wasn't concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I saw a hideous dog with cars sticking out of its arms.  The dog began to shake.  The dog started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I saw a green monster with phones sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The monster sprinted to a island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant monster with fires sticking out of its face.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly whispered "The mice are in the bag"  A cat came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the beach.  The cat started shrinking in height.  The beach suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

I saw a small man with glass triangles all over its toes.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The man began to stand on me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to melt.  The man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The man started melting.  The man grew much larger into nothingness.  

I'm crumbling in a house when all of a sudden a monster ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly gave me some snows.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The monster began to grab me.  The monster started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the church, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?"  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow drove to a house.  The scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the church.  The dorm suddenly walked to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green tin man with spikes all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I stopped being worried.  The tin man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  A dinosaur appeared and began to shake.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a beach, with a tin man absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a futuristic monster with spikes sticking out of its mouth.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The monster showed me several bugs.  The scene changed to a airport, with a scarecrow wildly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A dog showed up and began to sing to me.  The dog went to a church.  The dog ran to a classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a airport.  The dog began to grow much larger.  The dog began to punch me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dog shrunk in height into thin air.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a scarecrow went to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike outside the island.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  A tin man showed up and drove to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the dorm.  The tin man shook into the ground.  

I was shaking in a towering classroom, and I felt slightly relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the classroom.  A teacher showed up and started growing much larger.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a bright dorm, and I wasn't worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The dorm suddenly shouted "Why are you so bright?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly gave me some ices.  I saw a towering monster with phones on its face.  The monster began to kick me.  The monster began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  I saw a bright monster with bumps coming out of its face.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The monster started crumbling.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to shake.  The dinosaur stated "Hey man, it happens"  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I saw a large tin man with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The tin man went to a dining hall.  The church suddenly sprinted to a basement of a bed.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive teacher with lavas on its mouth.  The teacher began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is very green"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly worried for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "I want to crumble"  A tin man came out of nowhere and said "That sucks"  The tin man began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dorm suddenly began to jump over me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a huge tin man with snows sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The mice are in the phone" for some reason.  I don't know why, but I went to a airport.  The tin man began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and began to jump over me.  The man went to a bed.  The man said "The cars are in the spike"  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The statue began to smack me.  The statue began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A man showed up and began to punch me.  The man gave me some metal squares.  The man whispered "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "The ices are in the fruit"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the house.  The man began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A man came out of nowhere and drove to a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the bed.  The man started shaking.  The scene changed to a basement of a house, with a statue wildly melting.  The statue stated "Why are you so huge?"  The statue walked to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a church when all of a sudden a monster began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the church.  The monster began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  I saw a bright man with phones all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering teacher with insects coming out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some mice at me.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Hello?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous inside the airport.  The scene changed to a house, with a teacher slowly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant inside the airport.  The church suddenly drove to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher showed up and started shaking.  The teacher started to spit out lots of metal squares.  The teacher began to grab me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I wasn't scared.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and showed me several ices.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a tiny airport, and I began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous outside the airport.  I don't know why, but I went to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly drove to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly gave me some phones.  I saw a futuristic tin man with glass triangles all over its back.  The house suddenly began to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous outside the beach.  The airport suddenly gave me some cars.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a enormous bed, and I stopped being worried.  The bed suddenly showed me several pens.  The bed suddenly walked to a house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The church suddenly sprinted to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue outside the bed.  Then, I woke up.  

A man appeared and sprinted to a classroom.  The man began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I said "What's going on?"  The man began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and gave me some pens.  The tin man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The tin man began to shake.  The scene changed to a airport, with a leader of the airport wildly growing much larger.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  A teacher appeared and ran to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little enormous inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely childlike inside the airport.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red scarecrow with spikes on its face.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of bugs.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the basement of a dorm.  I saw a large man with cars on its eyes.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "I want to grow much larger"  The scarecrow began to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a towering basement of a island, and I heard a voice say "The logs are in the spike"  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  A scarecrow showed up and began to shrink in height.  The island suddenly went to a basement of a beach.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The scarecrow crumbled into nothingness.  

A dinosaur showed up and sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly went to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a bed, with a statue carefully crumbling.  The dinosaur gave me some fruit.  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with pencils on its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a basement of a beach, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a scarecrow whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow drove to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  The beach suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the house.  The scarecrow crumbled into thin air.  

My dog and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with fires everywhere.  The island suddenly started to spit out lots of pens.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the island.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me quickly crumbling.  The bed suddenly gave me some glass triangles.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster appeared and gave me some dogs.  The monster began to crumble.  The monster started crumbling.  The monster showed me several glass triangles, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and went to a airport.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The airport suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small outside the church.  I saw a towering teacher with wooden triangles coming out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I kicked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and started to spit out lots of bumps.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I drove to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very tiny" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat began to slap me.  The dining hall suddenly started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a airport, with a man slowly shaking.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The man began to grab me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The cat crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a futuristic dog with photos sticking out of its arms.  The dog showed me several pens.  The dog whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "This is somewhat pleasant"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the car" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green tin man with lavas coming out of its back.  The tin man started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so green?"  

My family and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange basement of a beach with pens everywhere.  The basement of a beach suddenly started melting.  The beach suddenly gave me some fruit.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the basement of a beach.  The church suddenly ran to a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the beach, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and began to grow much larger.  The dog began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" for some reason.  The scene changed to a beach, with a statue quickly melting.  The dog started to spit out lots of wooden squares.  A dinosaur showed up and started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the beach.  The beach suddenly stated "The pencils are in the phone"  The statue shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a tin man showed me several insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The tin man went to a church.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The tin man shouted "You must look inside"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow showed up and showed me several metal triangles.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dinosaur said "Hey man, it happens"  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had done something satisfying thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to throw some mice at me, but I could tell it was getting a little like I had accomplished something satisfying, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a statue showed me several ices.  The beach suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the beach.  I saw a childlike dinosaur with mice on its eyes.  The dinosaur began to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  The dinosaur crumbled into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic dorm, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "I want to shrink in height"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque inside the dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and started shrinking in height.  The statue began to shoot me.  The statue began to jump over me, but I threw some snows at it and ran away.  The statue began to slap me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

A cat appeared and started shrinking in height.  The cat went to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike outside the bed.  I don't know why, but I ran to a island.  The cat began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  A teacher showed up and gave me some mice.  The teacher shouted "Why are you so childlike?"  The teacher began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a hideous monster with cars sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The monster began to punch me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a man absent-mindedly shaking.  The monster began to grab me.  The monster walked to a house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green dinosaur with bugs sticking out of its face.  The dinosaur sprinted to a house.  The dinosaur began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a pale house, and I felt slightly terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the house.  A scarecrow appeared and began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat huge inside the house.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque inside the house, and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The tin man ran to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly drove to a island.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

A tin man appeared and gave me some insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The scene changed to a house, with a scarecrow absent-mindedly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the house.  The tin man started crumbling.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with phones everywhere.  The island suddenly showed me several bags.  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dinosaur slowly crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the island.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of photos.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a green scarecrow with fires all over its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so pleasant?" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to punch me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I saw a pale person who looked just like me with fruit all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some fires at me.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the house.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur walked to a beach.  The basement of a church suddenly gave me some glass squares.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a airport.  The church suddenly began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur grew much larger into thin air.  

I saw a obscure statue with glass triangles on its toes.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting strangely anxious.  The statue went to a classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The statue began to smack me, but I threw some snows at it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a cat said "The logs are in the cat"  The cat sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the island.  I saw a obscure monster with fruit coming out of its mouth.  The monster went to a classroom.  The monster gave me some metal triangles.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful cat with photos coming out of its legs.  The cat ran to a dorm.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A monster showed up and drove to a dorm.  The monster began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "This is very pleasant"  The dorm suddenly went to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The insects are in the ice"  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a house when all of a sudden a cat began to punch me.  The beach suddenly began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  I saw a childlike dinosaur with lavas sticking out of its back.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the basement of a house.  The dog shrunk in height into nothingness.  

A dog showed up and said "That sucks"  The dog began to yell at me.  The dog began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I'm shaking in a beach when all of a sudden a scarecrow gave me some phones.  The scarecrow showed me several bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the beach.  I saw a bright leader of the beach with bags sticking out of its legs.  The beach suddenly began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the beach.  The leader of the beach continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with mice coming out of its mouth.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I shouted "I want to grow much larger"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with fruit everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  I saw a towering teacher with insects coming out of its feet.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small outside the dorm.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering monster with spikes sticking out of its face.  The monster began to crumble.  The monster began to slap me, but I shot it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly began to shrink in height.  The monster began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and ran to a bed.  The bed suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The dog showed me several bugs.  The dog melted into thin air.  

I was growing much larger in a huge dorm, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green inside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The dorm suddenly drove to a basement of a classroom.  The house suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little grotesque outside the basement of a house, and I smiled.  

I saw a massive teacher with fires on its toes.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The teacher started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny inside the dining hall, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a dining hall when all of a sudden a cat began to melt.  The cat began to kick me.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  A tin man showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a pleasant island, and I began to crumble.  The island suddenly stated "That sucks"  The island suddenly stated "You must look inside"  The scene changed to a church, with a statue quickly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little small inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering inside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge scarecrow with fruit coming out of its back.  The scarecrow whispered "Why are you so huge?"  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely childlike"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a obscure church, and I began to melt.  The church suddenly started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright inside the church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The fruit are in the glass triangle"  The church suddenly began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive tin man with insects on its arms.  The tin man began to sing to me.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The tin man began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  The airport suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange island on top of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to crumble.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The person who looked just like me drove to a house.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A tin man showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  The tin man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly worried.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat childlike outside the classroom.  I saw a towering statue with cars coming out of its mouth.  The classroom suddenly whispered "The spikes are in the fire"  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Why are you so towering?"  

I saw a large dinosaur with metal triangles all over its tongue.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dinosaur began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the metal square"  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I slapped it and ran away.  A man appeared and gave me some fruit.  The dinosaur began to grow much larger.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I was shaking in a graceful airport, and I wasn't afraid.  The airport suddenly began to stand on me.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a graceful house, and I wasn't worried.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale inside the house.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly began to shoot me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a pale classroom, and I wasn't concerned.  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the classroom.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to stand on me.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher appeared and began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  The teacher ran to a church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red dinosaur with cats sticking out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to throw some fruit at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of phones.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly started crumbling.  The house suddenly gave me some bugs.  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

I was shrinking in height in a large bed, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I saw a enormous monster with photos on its legs.  The monster began to melt.  The monster drove to a island.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a huge island, and I said "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat grotesque outside the island.  A dog appeared and went to a dining hall.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog sprinted to a bed, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the house.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  The church suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a huge bed, and I stated "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very large outside the bed.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  A monster came out of nowhere and walked to a house.  The monster began to slap me, but I screamed at it "This is a little green"  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  The monster shook into nothingness.  

I was crumbling in a pleasant dorm, and I felt slightly relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little bright outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely futuristic outside the house, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a director of the church stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant outside the church.  The director of the church showed me several bugs.  A statue came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The church suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the church.  The director of the church started crumbling, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with logs everywhere.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very childlike outside the airport.  I saw a red scarecrow with spikes coming out of its tongue.  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a statue began to shake.  The statue began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster wildly growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the beach.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The monster shook into nothingness.  

I saw a massive teacher with pencils coming out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The teacher started melting.  I don't know why, but I ran to a house.  The house suddenly showed me several mice.  A tin man appeared and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very terrified thinking this would help.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I stood on it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster showed up and whispered "You must look inside"  The monster began to grab me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The monster began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I wasn't concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant inside the church.  The church suddenly began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  The teacher went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I saw a blue dog with bugs on its tongue.  The dog started shaking.  The dog began to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to crumble.  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  The dog went to a dorm.  The dog shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a obscure tin man with cats all over its arms.  The tin man began to shoot me, but I slapped it and ran away.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike statue with insects sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little furious for some reason.  The statue began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The statue began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  I saw a large scarecrow with pens sticking out of its feet.  The dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is very bright" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with snows everywhere.  The airport suddenly said "The photos are in the spike"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny outside the airport.  A monster appeared and whispered "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful inside the airport.  The monster began to slap me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly shouted "Why are you so bright?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the house.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a island when all of a sudden a dog gave me some snows.  The island suddenly started melting.  The dog started growing much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The bed suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat graceful outside the dining hall.  The house suddenly whispered "The mice are in the dog"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  The house suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was very towering outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I saw a futuristic scarecrow with cars sticking out of its face.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a bed.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of fires.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of pencils.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a basement of a bed when all of a sudden a dinosaur began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the bed.  A tin man appeared and started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering inside the basement of a bed.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a graceful beach, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant outside the beach.  The scene changed to a house, with a tin man quickly melting.  The tin man said "You must look inside"  The tin man showed me several metal triangles.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive scarecrow with spikes all over its toes.  The scarecrow sprinted to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the island.  The scarecrow shook into nothingness.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dorm.  The classroom suddenly showed me several logs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dorm suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red cat with fruit on its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The cat began to smack me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so grotesque?"  The cat began to kick me, but I screamed at it "I want to crumble"  The cat started to spit out lots of mice.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a basement of a dining hall when all of a sudden a man said "Hey man, it happens"  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue inside the dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The man began to shoot me.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man showed up and ran to a church.  The tin man gave me some mice.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me shouted "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the bed.  The person who looked just like me gave me some fires.  I saw a blue dinosaur with dogs all over its tongue.  The bed suddenly went to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful inside the bed.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and gave me some fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little green" thinking this would help.  The man began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man appeared and showed me several fires.  The man gave me some snows.  The man said "Why are you so grotesque?"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a monster quickly growing much larger.  The monster began to shrink in height.  The monster began to smack me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "The bumps are in the pencil"  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a dinosaur started crumbling.  The dinosaur whispered "The bugs are in the car"  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The dinosaur began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little red outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

A scarecrow showed up and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to throw some cars at me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher appeared and sprinted to a house.  The teacher started crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster came out of nowhere and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher wildly shrinking in height.  The teacher began to throw some cars at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The church suddenly started melting.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a small dog with snows all over its arms.  The dog showed me several wooden triangles.  The dog walked to a beach.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I whispered "I want to shrink in height"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a massive monster with lavas on its tongue.  The dog began to smack me.  The dog said "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a green dog with logs all over its back.  The dog began to grow much larger.  The dog began to punch me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The scene changed to a beach, with a dinosaur carefully growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red outside the beach.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a red airport, and I felt strangely terrified.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The airport suddenly shouted "That sucks"  I saw a huge teacher with mice coming out of its tongue.  The airport suddenly walked to a dining hall.  The teacher whispered "The snows are in the dog"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a tin man started shaking.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  The classroom suddenly gave me some cats.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the dining hall.  The tin man began to smack me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat came out of nowhere and stated "The logs are in the car"  The cat began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to grow much larger"  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The cat began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

A dinosaur showed up and gave me some metal squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur sprinted to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a bed, with a director of the dining hall quickly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly angry for some reason.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A scarecrow appeared and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large tin man with pens on its legs.  The tin man said "The fires are in the pen"  The tin man showed me several bumps.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The tin man showed me several bugs.  I saw a red cat with phones on its mouth.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a basement of a airport.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to throw some cats at me.  A man showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly began to crumble.  The man began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful tin man with logs all over its eyes.  The tin man began to smack me, but I shouted at it "This is a little red"  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The tin man shook into thin air.  

I saw a massive monster with bumps on its arms.  The monster began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The monster stated "That sucks"  The monster shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I was shrinking in height in a red bed, and I heard a voice say "The cats are in the fire"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the bed.  A scarecrow showed up and began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The bed suddenly began to smack me.  The bed suddenly sprinted to a dorm, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a pleasant dorm, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely enormous inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dining hall.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

I saw a pleasant statue with fruit on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The statue walked to a house.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  The statue began to shake.  A dog showed up and drove to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the island.  The church suddenly began to melt.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a teacher began to jump over me.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  I saw a massive person who looked just like me with glass squares on its tongue.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the house.  The house suddenly started shaking.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the house.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive dog with cats sticking out of its tongue.  The dog whispered "That sucks"  The dog began to slap me.  The dog crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a graceful tin man with mice on its mouth.  The tin man began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a island, with a dog quickly shrinking in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pleasant outside the island.  The island suddenly went to a basement of a airport.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

A scarecrow showed up and said "That sucks"  The scarecrow began to shake.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a beach.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the beach.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with ices everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful inside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat blue outside the dining hall.  I saw a green man with dogs all over its mouth.  The man began to throw some logs at me.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and showed me several mice.  The tin man began to sing to me.  The tin man began to stand on me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The tin man began to shrink in height.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The tin man shook into thin air.  

I was growing much larger in a tiny church, and I wasn't concerned.  The church suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The church suddenly stated "The pens are in the car"  A monster showed up and said "That sucks"  The monster began to stand on me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The monster began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is a little graceful"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant person who looked just like me with insects on its face.  The person who looked just like me shouted "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting very angry.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of bugs.  I saw a tiny director of the beach with mice sticking out of its back.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The director of the beach began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The director of the beach shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a grotesque dinosaur with cars coming out of its legs.  The dinosaur drove to a house.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  I don't know why, but I went to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the house.  A monster showed up and walked to a basement of a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure outside the basement of a classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure man with phones all over its feet.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the insect" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly content for some reason, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque scarecrow with bumps coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly began to stand on me.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a large beach, and I whispered "I want to shake"  The beach suddenly began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?" for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shrinking in height in a huge island, and I felt very content.  The island suddenly gave me some wooden triangles.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the island.  I saw a hideous cat with fruit all over its eyes.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the island.  The cat started shaking.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a pleasant basement of a classroom, and I wasn't happy about it.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive inside the basement of a classroom.  I saw a pale director of the basement of a classroom with phones coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed thinking this would help.  The director of the basement of a classroom began to throw some lavas at me.  The director of the basement of a classroom shook into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely towering outside the airport.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  The teacher started shaking.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and walked to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the house.  The cat began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a basement of a dining hall, with a person who looked just like me quickly crumbling.  The cat began to jump over me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dining hall suddenly started melting.  The cat shook into the ground.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "This is somewhat red" for some reason.  The teacher started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I began to shrink in height.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  I saw a small cat with mice sticking out of its back.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The cat showed me several pencils.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the dorm, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and gave me some pencils.  The statue drove to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The statue began to take a photo of me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I saw a tiny scarecrow with insects all over its eyes.  The house suddenly started melting.  The scarecrow began to throw some metal triangles at me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  The statue shrunk in height into the ground.  

My friends and I were at a basement of a basement of a classroom, but it's a very strange basement of a basement of a classroom on top of a house.  The basement of a basement of a classroom suddenly whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I saw a futuristic tin man with spikes all over its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous outside the basement of a basement of a classroom.  The tin man sprinted to a bed.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A statue showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The statue whispered "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I heard a voice say "Why are you so pale?"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red outside the beach.  A man came out of nowhere and showed me several bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A cat came out of nowhere and started melting.  The cat started shrinking in height.  The cat began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass squares at me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a bed.  The cat began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The cat began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a grotesque church, and I felt a little worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very towering inside the church.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The church suddenly began to melt.  The church suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dog grew much larger into thin air.  

I was growing much larger in a green airport, and I felt strangely nervous.  The man began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something terrible.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant outside the island.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a house.  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very furious.  The island suddenly went to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a manager of the beach stated "The fruit are in the glass square"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The glass triangles are in the glass triangle" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly drove to a basement of a dining hall.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a basement of a dorm.  The manager of the beach began to crumble.  The manager of the beach began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The manager of the beach continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and sprinted to a bed.  The person who looked just like me gave me some phones.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me whispered "You must look inside"  A dog came out of nowhere and ran to a island.  The person who looked just like me started shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant airport, and I began to crumble.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the airport.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The airport suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I was crumbling in a small dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to smack me.  A monster appeared and gave me some cars.  The monster shouted "You must look inside"  The dining hall suddenly gave me some pencils.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with lavas everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the classroom.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the classroom.  The beach suddenly began to stand on me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the beach, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to punch me.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of spikes.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dining hall.  The person who looked just like me started growing much larger.  I saw a hideous teacher with fires coming out of its feet.  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  The teacher shrunk in height into thin air.  

A tin man showed up and started shaking.  The tin man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The tin man began to yell at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly started crumbling.  A cat appeared and began to shake.  The dorm suddenly sprinted to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The cat shook into nothingness.  

I was shrinking in height in a small dining hall, and I began to melt.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some bags.  The dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly ran to a bed.  The dining hall suddenly stated "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The cat began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  The cat stated "You must look inside"  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with photos all over its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure outside the basement of a dorm.  The cat started to spit out lots of cats.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a beach when all of a sudden a scarecrow sprinted to a bed.  The beach suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  A dog showed up and began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the beach.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scarecrow began to throw some bugs at me, but I yelled at it "I want to crumble", and I smiled.  

I saw a small dog with dogs all over its back.  The dog sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  The dog shouted "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't afraid.  The dog shouted "Why are you so small?"  A monster came out of nowhere and started melting.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly started crumbling.  The basement of a dining hall suddenly began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pleasant teacher with logs coming out of its toes.  The teacher stated "The metal triangles are in the snow"  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a house.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The teacher began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly shouted "The spikes are in the bump"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to shake.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The scarecrow ran to a church.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "That sucks"  

I saw a small person who looked just like me with mice coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me went to a house.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man slowly shrinking in height.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me.  The tin man showed me several wooden squares.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a bright man with bugs on its tongue.  The man began to yell at me.  The man began to melt.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a beach.  The man started to spit out lots of cats.  The man began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a futuristic statue with mice on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The statue drove to a classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very tiny inside the airport.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the house.  The scene changed to a basement of a classroom, with a cat carefully growing much larger.  The cat went to a beach.  The island suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and showed me several cars.  The man began to kick me.  The man whispered "The mice are in the lava"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a island.  The island suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The man started to spit out lots of fruit.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of pencils.  The teacher began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very terrified for some reason.  The scene changed to a island, with a dog absent-mindedly crumbling.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  A leader of the island appeared and ran to a church.  The dog gave me some cars.  The leader of the island began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny inside the island, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright tin man with mice sticking out of its feet.  The tin man began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The tin man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The airport suddenly started growing much larger.  The tin man shook into nothingness.  

I saw a massive man with ices sticking out of its mouth.  The man began to stand on me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The man stated "That sucks"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the classroom.  I saw a futuristic monster with insects all over its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The classroom suddenly said "You must look inside"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The glass triangles are in the lava"  

I saw a massive man with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  The man shouted "That sucks"  The man began to slap me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  I saw a towering dog with cars all over its eyes.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the dorm.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with bags everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering inside the bed.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  A statue showed up and whispered "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the bed.  The statue began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a green dinosaur with spikes on its eyes.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur walked to a classroom.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The classroom suddenly showed me several lavas.  A person who looked just like me showed up and showed me several fruit.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The church suddenly began to melt.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering man with bugs all over its legs.  The man began to jump over me, but I threw some phones at it and ran away.  The man began to smack me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a church.  The man started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

A cat showed up and began to melt.  The cat sprinted to a dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat obscure outside the airport.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the island.  I saw a blue scarecrow with fruit sticking out of its mouth.  The scarecrow started melting.  The scarecrow began to throw some spikes at me.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The logs are in the car"  

I was shaking in a grotesque beach, and I stopped being happy about it.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little enormous outside the beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic outside the beach.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to stand on me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a dog went to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The dog began to grow much larger.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a basement of a house.  The beach suddenly started to spit out lots of mice.  The dog began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a pleasant basement of a classroom, and I said "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" for some reason.  A leader of the basement of a classroom came out of nowhere and went to a beach.  The leader of the basement of a classroom began to shake.  The leader of the basement of a classroom began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a director of the classroom quickly melting.  The classroom suddenly began to slap me.  I saw a graceful statue with bags all over its back.  The classroom suddenly showed me several cars.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very obscure inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grab me, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and stated "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me.  The person who looked just like me shrunk in height into the ground.  

I'm shaking in a house when all of a sudden a dog sprinted to a church.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dog began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The dog walked to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several pens.  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a monster quickly shaking.  The island suddenly began to shake.  A man appeared and started melting.  The man shouted "That sucks"  The man began to jump over me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher showed up and stated "That sucks"  The teacher started growing much larger.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the dorm.  The teacher ran to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "Why are you so pale?"  

I saw a pleasant dog with glass squares coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shake" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a monster showed me several insects.  The monster began to throw some pens at me, but I could tell it was getting very worried.  The monster began to shrink in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The house suddenly showed me several photos.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely relaxed thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a beach, but it's a very strange basement of a beach on top of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry for some reason.  A statue appeared and went to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the dorm.  The statue began to shake.  The statue began to take a photo of me, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a bed.  The island suddenly walked to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some insects.  I saw a green tin man with fires coming out of its tongue.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The tin man began to punch me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with mice coming out of its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The scene changed to a bed, with a monster carefully shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The photos are in the pencil"  

My dog and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large inside the basement of a dorm.  The dorm suddenly started to spit out lots of bumps.  I saw a graceful monster with insects sticking out of its eyes.  The monster started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale outside the airport.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a beach, but it's a very strange beach on top of a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the beach.  The scene changed to a church, with a director of the beach carefully growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive inside the church.  The director of the beach began to grow much larger.  The last thing I remember is the director of the beach saying "You must look inside"  

A scarecrow appeared and started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green tin man with glass squares all over its legs.  The tin man began to kick me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The tin man began to grab me, but I smacked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and shouted "The bags are in the spike"  The dog began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some ices at me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  The dog began to crumble.  The airport suddenly began to shoot me.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

A monster appeared and began to shrink in height.  The monster began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The monster said "You must look inside"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  A scarecrow appeared and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very blue inside the classroom.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of ices.  The monster shrunk in height into the ground.  

I saw a tiny dog with fires on its toes.  The dog started melting.  The dog began to stand on me, but I kicked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to sing to me.  The scarecrow sprinted to a dining hall.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dog quickly melting.  The dining hall suddenly began to grab me.  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a small bed, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bags are in the fruit" thinking this would help.  I saw a tiny teacher with insects on its tongue.  The teacher began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and showed me several glass triangles.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a beach, with a cat quickly shaking.  The cat gave me some phones.  I saw a red statue with fruit on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The beach suddenly started melting.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a basement of a church, but it's a very strange basement of a church with phones everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the church.  The basement of a church suddenly ran to a basement of a house.  I don't know why, but I walked to a basement of a bed.  The church suddenly showed me several bugs.  The church suddenly stated "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive dog with photos coming out of its mouth.  The dog began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny teacher with fires all over its tongue.  The teacher began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  The teacher said "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher melted into nothingness.  

A statue appeared and showed me several mice.  The statue started to spit out lots of metal squares.  The statue began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a scarecrow carefully shaking.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I saw a large dinosaur with metal triangles sticking out of its back.  The classroom suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little like I had done something great for some reason.  The dinosaur shrunk in height into nothingness.  

I saw a futuristic dinosaur with cars sticking out of its tongue.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The dinosaur began to sing to me.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The man stated "The bags are in the pen"  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a tiny beach, and I began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very furious thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat large outside the beach.  The scene changed to a house, with a statue quickly shaking.  The statue began to throw some dogs at me.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very massive inside the island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large outside the island.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me wildly crumbling.  The person who looked just like me said "The snows are in the spike"  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a pleasant airport, and I began to melt.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the airport.  I saw a pale statue with ices sticking out of its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat hideous outside the airport.  The statue began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly nervous.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a large teacher with cats sticking out of its feet.  The teacher began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The teacher began to kick me, but I screamed at it "This is extremely pleasant"  The scene changed to a house, with a manager of the house carefully melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely green outside the house.  The house suddenly walked to a beach.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the house saying "That sucks"  

A cat showed up and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  The cat began to grow much larger.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly furious thinking this would help.  A scarecrow appeared and began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous outside the beach.  The scarecrow grew much larger into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and sprinted to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the beach.  The person who looked just like me shook into the ground.  

I saw a pale statue with phones all over its arms.  The statue ran to a bed.  The statue began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a classroom.  The statue started to spit out lots of insects.  I saw a large scarecrow with fruit on its mouth.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little towering inside the classroom.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with logs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was very graceful outside the airport.  The airport suddenly started to spit out lots of spikes.  I don't know why, but I drove to a basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little terrified thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful statue with dogs all over its feet.  The statue began to sing to me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The statue began to yell at me.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me quickly growing much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the dorm.  The person who looked just like me said "You must look inside"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur showed up and started melting.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dinosaur drove to a classroom.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a statue absent-mindedly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the dining hall.  I saw a tiny scarecrow with pens on its legs.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried for some reason.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue tin man with glass squares sticking out of its mouth.  The tin man showed me several lavas.  The tin man began to jump over me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a bed.  The tin man began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The bed suddenly gave me some fires.  I jolted awake.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The person who looked just like me walked to a church.  The house suddenly began to throw some metal triangles at me.  The person who looked just like me shook into the ground.  

A monster appeared and started growing much larger.  The monster began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The monster started shaking.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't worried.  The monster began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  A tin man showed up and started melting.  The dorm suddenly gave me some logs.  The dorm suddenly whispered "Why are you so massive?"  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a graceful teacher with metal triangles on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "This is extremely obscure" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to grow much larger" thinking this would help.  The teacher shook into the ground.  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic bed, and I felt a little anxious.  The airport suddenly began to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a man slowly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the bed.  The man grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a futuristic monster with mice all over its toes.  The monster began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The monster began to shrink in height, and I smiled.  

I was melting in a towering house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the house.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to shrink in height.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little massive outside the house.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering scarecrow with cats all over its eyes.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The scarecrow began to grow much larger.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a island.  The scarecrow said "Why are you so towering?"  A man appeared and started to spit out lots of fruit.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a graceful classroom, and I wasn't worried.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  The classroom suddenly began to shake.  I saw a tiny dog with photos coming out of its tongue.  The classroom suddenly began to melt.  The classroom suddenly gave me some logs.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

I saw a towering cat with cars on its toes.  The cat began to grab me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The cat gave me some ices.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a bed.  The bed suddenly showed me several pencils.  A tin man appeared and started shaking.  The tin man started shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and walked to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny outside the church.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to grow much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so tiny?" thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and began to grab me.  The cat showed me several insects.  The cat began to slap me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I don't know why, but I ran to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the dorm.  A monster appeared and started melting.  The monster whispered "The ices are in the photo"  The cat began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A man showed up and gave me some cats.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering inside the bed.  The man began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow appeared and started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a blue dog with bugs sticking out of its feet.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The dog started shaking.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a tin man quickly growing much larger.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  I saw a grotesque director of the classroom with pencils sticking out of its legs.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of dogs.  The tin man showed me several logs.  I jolted awake.  

I was growing much larger in a huge airport, and I stopped being concerned.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the airport.  A teacher appeared and began to grow much larger.  The teacher started to spit out lots of bugs.  The teacher began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with logs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely enormous inside the island.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was very obscure outside the island.  The island suddenly began to grab me.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher appeared and began to kick me.  The teacher began to melt.  The teacher began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster absent-mindedly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I saw a green dinosaur with pens on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly started melting.  The monster melted into the ground.  

I saw a small man with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  The man began to throw some dogs at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat enormous outside the island.  A scarecrow appeared and ran to a dorm.  The man started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely pleasant inside the dorm.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and said "The bugs are in the cat"  The teacher went to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly began to shake.  The teacher melted into thin air.  

A teacher showed up and began to throw some logs at me.  The teacher ran to a basement of a house.  The basement of a house suddenly started to spit out lots of cats.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I shouted at it "Hello?", and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  The dog began to shoot me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The dog began to slap me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  The dog shouted "Why are you so hideous?", and I smiled.  

A cat showed up and began to yell at me.  The cat began to kick me, but I yelled at it "This is a little large"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to shake" for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The logs are in the cat" for some reason.  A dog came out of nowhere and showed me several ices.  The island suddenly began to smack me.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a obscure man with fires sticking out of its toes.  The man began to crumble.  The man began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I felt slightly angry.  The man went to a house.  A dog appeared and started melting.  The man began to grow much larger.  The bed suddenly began to melt.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was crumbling in a blue island, and I stopped being scared.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height.  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a massive monster with bugs sticking out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The monster said "The cars are in the metal square"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so massive?"  

I was crumbling in a large classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little obscure inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the classroom.  The house suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely futuristic inside the classroom, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a blue classroom, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The phones are in the car" for some reason.  The classroom suddenly shouted "The pens are in the bag"  The scene changed to a bed, with a dog absent-mindedly shaking.  The bed suddenly walked to a beach.  The dog began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something terrible.  The beach suddenly began to shake, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the church.  The church suddenly ran to a classroom.  I saw a enormous teacher with lavas coming out of its toes.  The teacher started shaking.  The teacher went to a house.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

A man showed up and whispered "Why are you so blue?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very relaxed thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike inside the bed.  I saw a small monster with photos sticking out of its eyes.  The bed suddenly began to sing to me.  The bed suddenly stated "The dogs are in the dog"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous teacher with lavas sticking out of its back.  The teacher started melting.  The teacher walked to a dining hall.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny dinosaur with bugs coming out of its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to shrink in height.  I saw a pleasant man with cats all over its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green outside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little red inside the classroom.  The man started to spit out lots of metal squares, and I smiled.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a teacher walked to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I saw a pale statue with fires on its mouth.  The teacher began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some cats at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a red man with logs sticking out of its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The man began to sing to me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a teacher started shaking.  The teacher began to sing to me.  The house suddenly stated "You must look inside"  I saw a red man with snows coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very green outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a large dinosaur with insects sticking out of its toes.  The dinosaur began to melt.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "I want to shrink in height"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I wasn't afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  A tin man came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dinosaur showed me several mice.  The tin man began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away, and I smiled.  

A man came out of nowhere and whispered "The dogs are in the wooden square"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  The man shouted "That sucks"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I said "Who are you?"  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pale inside the airport.  The last thing I remember is the man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a graceful dinosaur with insects all over its mouth.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to jump over me.  The dinosaur crumbled into the ground.  

I saw a pale statue with fruit coming out of its arms.  The statue began to throw some pencils at me, but I screamed at it "This is very enormous"  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "Who are you?" for some reason.  The statue grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a graceful teacher with bugs sticking out of its feet.  The teacher started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster absent-mindedly shaking.  The dorm suddenly showed me several ices.  A dinosaur came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly went to a house.  The monster began to kick me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

I saw a bright monster with pencils all over its mouth.  The monster stated "That sucks"  The monster began to throw some metal triangles at me.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man slowly crumbling.  The monster shouted "The snows are in the ice"  A man showed up and walked to a basement of a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly stated "The ices are in the spike"  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a pleasant basement of a island, and I began to grow much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the island.  The basement of a island suddenly gave me some dogs.  I saw a obscure man with snows all over its eyes.  The man gave me some glass triangles.  The man began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  The man began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me said "The cats are in the pen"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely grotesque outside the island.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with fruit everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a huge person who looked just like me with cars all over its tongue.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly gave me some photos.  A monster appeared and showed me several ices.  The bed suddenly started shaking.  The bed suddenly began to crumble.  The monster crumbled into the ground.  

A tin man appeared and started shrinking in height.  The tin man began to throw some fruit at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The tin man stated "You must look inside"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I began to grow much larger.  The basement of a classroom suddenly gave me some photos.  I saw a green man with fires sticking out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pale outside the basement of a classroom.  The man began to stand on me.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog appeared and stated "That sucks"  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is a little grotesque"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher carefully melting.  The dog started shrinking in height.  The dining hall suddenly began to sing to me.  The dog melted into the ground.  

I'm shrinking in height in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher sprinted to a airport.  The teacher shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to grow much larger.  I saw a small man with logs coming out of its toes.  The teacher started crumbling.  The teacher started to spit out lots of bumps.  Then, I woke up.  

I was crumbling in a graceful classroom, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  The classroom suddenly started shaking.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  A scarecrow appeared and stated "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly went to a house, and I smiled.  

I saw a towering tin man with photos all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny cat with metal triangles coming out of its tongue.  The cat began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "This is very enormous"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the house.  The cat began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Hey man, it happens"  

A dog came out of nowhere and started melting.  The dog sprinted to a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny outside the bed.  The dog began to slap me.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a massive basement of a dining hall, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several glass squares.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher quickly melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the basement of a dining hall.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green dog with bugs sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a director of the classroom slowly growing much larger.  The director of the classroom drove to a beach.  A teacher came out of nowhere and said "The bags are in the phone"  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very childlike inside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat blue outside the beach, and I smiled.  

A man showed up and began to grab me.  The man drove to a dining hall.  The man began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had done something wrong.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow appeared and went to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to throw some bugs at me.  The airport suddenly showed me several logs.  The scene changed to a bed, with a tin man wildly growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I screamed at it "This is a little pleasant"  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small inside the airport.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was growing much larger in a red island, and I felt slightly terrified.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the island.  A teacher appeared and began to shake.  The teacher began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The island suddenly began to melt.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous tin man with fruit all over its eyes.  The tin man began to slap me.  The tin man began to kick me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The house suddenly showed me several wooden squares.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a graceful teacher with bumps on its face.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely content for some reason.  The teacher began to grab me.  The teacher grew much larger into thin air.  

A man showed up and stated "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is a little enormous" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive outside the basement of a dorm.  I saw a bright person who looked just like me with insects coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me showed me several lavas.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely large inside the basement of a dorm.  The man began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting strangely worried, and I smiled.  

A dog showed up and began to throw some insects at me.  The dog began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The dog began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The scene changed to a beach, with a scarecrow quickly shrinking in height.  The dog began to stand on me, but I threw some snows at it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the beach.  The scarecrow shook into the ground.  

A dog showed up and showed me several cars.  The dog began to grab me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The dog began to smack me, but I punched it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The statue began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting strangely like I had accomplished something terrible.  The statue began to yell at me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The basement of a airport suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a futuristic dorm, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The dorm suddenly began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stated "Who are you?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive outside the church.  The dorm suddenly gave me some insects.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a dining hall.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely like I had accomplished something satisfying thinking this would help.  I wanted to stay, but I went to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat small inside the bed.  The teacher began to shrink in height.  Then, I woke up.  

I was growing much larger in a towering bed, and I felt slightly furious.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small inside the bed.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The bed suddenly gave me some bags.  The bed suddenly went to a island, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a blue airport, and I wasn't scared.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The airport suddenly began to shrink in height.  I wanted to stay, but I ran to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The airport suddenly started crumbling, and I smiled.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a dog began to grab me.  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little massive outside the dining hall.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "Who are you?"  The dog whispered "Why are you so massive?"  The dog began to kick me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a futuristic man with ices coming out of its arms.  The man began to shake.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a beach, and I stated "Hello?"  The beach suddenly began to grow much larger.  The beach suddenly showed me several phones.  The man shouted "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The tin man started crumbling.  The tin man walked to a dorm.  The scene changed to a house, with a monster absent-mindedly shaking.  The tin man began to throw some spikes at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The monster began to kick me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with bags all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me stated "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I screamed at it "That sucks", and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a pale dorm, and I whispered "I want to grow much larger"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the dorm.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little obscure outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a tiny monster with cars sticking out of its feet.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The monster walked to a island.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Hello?" thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very pleasant outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale tin man with bumps on its face.  The tin man began to shake.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful inside the bed.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "You must look inside"  

I was crumbling in a obscure basement of a basement of a house, and I began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small inside the basement of a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the basement of a basement of a house.  I don't know why, but I went to a beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The fires are in the bump" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I was melting in a grotesque church, and I wasn't scared.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very massive inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I saw a small person who looked just like me with phones coming out of its tongue.  The person who looked just like me showed me several fires.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a red monster with bags on its toes.  The monster went to a classroom.  The monster started crumbling.  The monster started to spit out lots of photos, and I smiled.  

A man appeared and stated "You must look inside"  The man began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The man started shrinking in height.  I saw a tiny dog with spikes coming out of its eyes.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  The dining hall suddenly went to a church.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a dog began to shake.  The dog began to yell at me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  I saw a small dinosaur with fruit on its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely massive outside the classroom.  The dog began to throw some bugs at me, but I could tell it was getting a little terrified.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "That sucks"  

My friends and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a classroom.  The house suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  The house suddenly walked to a island.  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a church.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The church suddenly began to melt.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue cat with phones all over its toes.  The cat began to grab me, but I screamed at it "This is a little towering"  The cat started to spit out lots of pens.  The scene changed to a church, with a leader of the church slowly shrinking in height.  The cat started growing much larger.  I saw a pale monster with snows on its eyes.  The church suddenly began to grow much larger.  The leader of the church whispered "The bumps are in the ice"  The leader of the church continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a grotesque airport, and I heard a voice say "The bugs are in the cat"  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small outside the airport.  I don't know why, but I drove to a basement of a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat tiny inside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

A scarecrow came out of nowhere and started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I screamed at it "I want to shake"  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  A cat came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dining hall suddenly started shaking.  The cat began to throw some logs at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a futuristic bed, and I wasn't scared.  The bed suddenly started melting.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pleasant inside the bed.  The scene changed to a airport, with a dog slowly shaking.  The dog started to spit out lots of lavas.  The airport suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright statue with insects on its eyes.  The statue began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The statue started growing much larger.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me carefully melting.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  The airport suddenly ran to a dorm.  The statue grew much larger into thin air.  

A man came out of nowhere and began to smack me.  The man began to sing to me.  The man began to grow much larger.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I felt a little like I had done something terrible.  The house suddenly walked to a classroom.  I saw a enormous teacher with bumps sticking out of its back.  The classroom suddenly whispered "Why are you so enormous?"  The man began to crumble.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright inside the airport.  The statue began to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a classroom, and I began to melt.  The statue sprinted to a basement of a house.  The statue said "Why are you so bright?"  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a bed.  The classroom suddenly started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  I saw a enormous tin man with lavas all over its feet.  The tin man started to spit out lots of pencils.  The tin man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A tin man appeared and whispered "That sucks"  The tin man began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The tin man began to slap me.  I don't know why, but I drove to a house.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little relaxed.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very angry thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

I'm growing much larger in a dining hall when all of a sudden a teacher went to a bed.  The teacher began to punch me, but I yelled at it "This is somewhat futuristic"  The bed suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a classroom, with a director of the classroom absent-mindedly crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly started to spit out lots of bags.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "That sucks"  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a director of the dorm began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The director of the dorm began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  A man showed up and began to kick me.  The man started to spit out lots of dogs.  The director of the dorm began to sing to me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The director of the dorm continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a church when all of a sudden a monster showed me several fruit.  The monster began to punch me, but I could tell it was getting a little angry.  The monster stated "The fires are in the lava"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a beach.  The church suddenly shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The church suddenly began to kick me, and I smiled.  

I saw a huge cat with snows sticking out of its eyes.  The cat sprinted to a church.  The church suddenly walked to a dining hall.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The house suddenly gave me some pencils.  I saw a tiny man with insects coming out of its mouth.  The man began to kick me.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny dog with metal squares coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  The dog began to crumble.  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to slap me, but I shouted at it "This is a little enormous"  The teacher showed me several phones.  The scene changed to a basement of a island, with a statue carefully growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  The basement of a island suddenly showed me several pens.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?", and I smiled.  

I saw a bright person who looked just like me with insects all over its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly walked to a bed.  A dog came out of nowhere and began to punch me.  The bed suddenly went to a island.  The classroom suddenly shouted "Why are you so bright?"  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with logs everywhere.  The bed suddenly showed me several wooden squares.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely furious thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright outside the bed.  The bed suddenly started growing much larger.  The island suddenly started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

I saw a large person who looked just like me with insects coming out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me showed me several cars.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of ices.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me grew much larger into the ground.  

I saw a hideous man with dogs coming out of its mouth.  The man began to throw some pencils at me, but I tried to get it to throw some lavas at me.  The man began to shake.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass triangles at me.  I saw a small manager of the bed with logs coming out of its feet.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike outside the bed.  The manager of the bed said "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue dinosaur with fruit on its legs.  The dinosaur gave me some dogs.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a island.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  I saw a towering man with insects on its feet.  The dinosaur started growing much larger.  The island suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "The glass squares are in the bump"  

I saw a pale tin man with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  The tin man began to slap me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "What's going on?" thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a church, with a teacher absent-mindedly crumbling.  The church suddenly whispered "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm melting in a house when all of a sudden a dinosaur drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly stated "The dogs are in the car"  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I slapped it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a basement of a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The dinosaur began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to smack me, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a basement of a basement of a dorm when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The basement of a dorm suddenly showed me several mice.  The person who looked just like me ran to a church.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little huge inside the island.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shaking in a bed when all of a sudden a statue shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The statue started crumbling.  The bed suddenly began to throw some lavas at me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I felt very furious.  The statue began to kick me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very bright inside the house.  The statue melted into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a basement of a bed, but it's a very strange basement of a bed on top of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely obscure outside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I drove to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue dog with wooden triangles sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "I want to melt" thinking this would help.  The dog began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was melting in a enormous house, and I heard a voice say "The metal triangles are in the spike"  The house suddenly began to sing to me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  A man showed up and began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The man shrunk in height into the ground.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and walked to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the classroom.  The tin man began to shoot me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The tin man began to kick me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  A statue showed up and started crumbling.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The tin man started to spit out lots of bugs.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a childlike cat with pens sticking out of its tongue.  The cat began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I felt very nervous.  The dining hall suddenly started to spit out lots of pencils.  I saw a small teacher with phones on its toes.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little tiny outside the dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the dining hall.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and stated "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I said "What's going on?"  The person who looked just like me started crumbling.  I saw a pleasant leader of the dorm with phones sticking out of its tongue.  The leader of the dorm began to crumble.  The dorm suddenly shouted "The pens are in the log"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with metal triangles sticking out of its back.  The dinosaur began to throw some insects at me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely red"  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so enormous?" for some reason.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dining hall.  The dinosaur began to punch me, but I slapped it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and gave me some glass triangles.  The person who looked just like me gave me some pencils.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The cats are in the pencil"  

I was shaking in a pleasant beach, and I heard a voice say "The dogs are in the wooden square"  The beach suddenly started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale outside the beach.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very futuristic inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a towering person who looked just like me with lavas sticking out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque classroom, and I stopped being afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is somewhat huge" for some reason.  The classroom suddenly began to sing to me.  A person who looked just like me showed up and started growing much larger.  The person who looked just like me gave me some pencils.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a pleasant house, and I began to grow much larger.  The house suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little grotesque outside the house.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a leader of the house wildly crumbling.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely large inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the house.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me said "You must look inside"  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of dogs.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  I wanted to stay, but I sprinted to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I punched it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The island suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with spikes everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the dining hall.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little angry for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat green outside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and shouted "That sucks"  The cat began to shrink in height.  The cat began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly relaxed.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur quickly shaking.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat massive inside the island.  I saw a grotesque statue with pens coming out of its arms.  The dinosaur started shrinking in height.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  Then, I woke up.  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with ices everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous inside the bed.  The bed suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  A dog came out of nowhere and began to crumble.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass triangles at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely massive outside the bed.  The bed suddenly gave me some snows, and I smiled.  

I saw a blue person who looked just like me with bugs coming out of its arms.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The person who looked just like me continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque statue with spikes on its face.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to shrink in height" thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a island.  The statue began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  I saw a tiny person who looked just like me with photos all over its feet.  The island suddenly sprinted to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A tin man came out of nowhere and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The tin man whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man began to throw some spikes at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a dog quickly melting.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some snows at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely tiny outside the classroom.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "Why are you so tiny?"  

I saw a massive scarecrow with metal squares on its eyes.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The scarecrow began to smack me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something satisfying.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to yell at me.  I saw a enormous person who looked just like me with bumps sticking out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" for some reason.  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "I want to crumble" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

I saw a green cat with bags on its arms.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The cat began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had done something wrong.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "Why are you so futuristic?"  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with lavas everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" thinking this would help.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the log"  The dorm suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat grotesque inside the dorm.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very green outside the dorm, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with cars everywhere.  The airport suddenly whispered "That sucks"  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was very blue inside the dining hall.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a basement of a beach when all of a sudden a cat started shaking.  The cat began to crumble.  The cat started shrinking in height.  I saw a small scarecrow with insects on its tongue.  The cat began to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat enormous outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and began to crumble.  The tin man ran to a island.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The tin man shrunk in height into thin air.  

A cat appeared and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a monster wildly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "I want to grow much larger" for some reason.  The cat whispered "Why are you so childlike?"  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red person who looked just like me with bags all over its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to crumble" thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a dorm.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  I saw a enormous statue with cats all over its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to punch me, but I tried to get it to shoot me.  The statue began to stand on me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  Then, I woke up.  

I was melting in a large dorm, and I began to crumble.  The dorm suddenly drove to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the dorm.  I saw a pleasant manager of the beach with fruit on its back.  The manager of the beach began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The manager of the beach began to punch me, but I tried to get it to grab me.  The last thing I remember is the manager of the beach saying "Why are you so red?"  

A cat showed up and shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The scene changed to a church, with a tin man carefully crumbling.  The church suddenly began to smack me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little futuristic outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a childlike statue with cats sticking out of its back.  The monster began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The statue went to a classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being afraid.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "I want to shake" thinking this would help.  The statue started shaking.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a small man with dogs on its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The man began to grab me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being concerned.  The man began to throw some bugs at me, but I kicked it and ran away.  A person who looked just like me showed up and began to smack me.  The man began to melt.  The dorm suddenly began to kick me.  I jolted awake.  

A dog appeared and began to shake.  The dog whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dog began to punch me, but I punched it and ran away.  The scene changed to a island, with a dinosaur quickly shaking.  The island suddenly began to shrink in height.  A teacher came out of nowhere and gave me some bugs.  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very enormous outside the island.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a massive man with metal triangles coming out of its eyes.  The man began to smack me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The man started crumbling.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The man started shaking.  A dog showed up and began to crumble.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little small outside the classroom.  The classroom suddenly started to spit out lots of logs.  The man melted into the ground.  

A statue appeared and started to spit out lots of logs.  The statue began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The statue began to melt.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The statue began to stand on me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  I saw a small teacher with phones sticking out of its feet.  The classroom suddenly began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the classroom.  I jolted awake.  

A cat came out of nowhere and began to grow much larger.  The cat sprinted to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat massive outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm on top of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The bed suddenly began to stand on me.  I saw a towering teacher with cars coming out of its feet.  The teacher began to kick me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Hello?" for some reason, and I smiled.  

I'm shaking in a airport when all of a sudden a scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I screamed at it "What's going on?"  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I shouted "Hello?"  The scarecrow began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "I want to grow much larger"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shaking in a tiny dining hall, and I heard a voice say "You must look inside"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little large inside the dining hall.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some mice.  The dining hall suddenly started melting, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque statue with ices on its tongue.  The statue began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The statue began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a teacher carefully shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge inside the dining hall.  I was enjoying myself because it was very small outside the dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

I was shaking in a pleasant classroom, and I whispered "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red inside the classroom.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a house, and I began to melt.  The basement of a house suddenly whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The basement of a house suddenly said "Why are you so red?"  I jolted awake.  

I saw a enormous scarecrow with lavas all over its mouth.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to crumble.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The glass squares are in the cat"  

A statue came out of nowhere and shouted "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid for some reason.  The statue began to shake.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a bed.  The statue started shrinking in height.  The bed suddenly began to kick me.  The statue crumbled into nothingness.  

I saw a futuristic statue with ices all over its face.  The statue began to sing to me.  The statue started shaking.  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to shake.  The island suddenly began to crumble.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some dogs at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?", and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a pleasant dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The dorm suddenly started shrinking in height.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful outside the beach.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike inside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a obscure teacher with pens coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to shake.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a house.  The teacher gave me some wooden squares.  The house suddenly began to grow much larger.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

My dog and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with fires everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly began to shrink in height.  The dining hall suddenly gave me some photos.  A dog showed up and began to crumble.  The dog began to throw some ices at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The dog started shaking.  The dog began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall on top of a basement of a island.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very red outside the dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several mice.  A scarecrow appeared and began to shrink in height.  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I shouted at it "I want to shake"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the basement of a island.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with photos coming out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I shouted "This is somewhat green"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I saw a towering cat with pens sticking out of its face.  The beach suddenly began to shake.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant outside the beach.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a hideous man with pencils on its tongue.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  The man began to punch me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  I don't know why, but I sprinted to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The bumps are in the snow" thinking this would help.  The man began to slap me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  Then, I woke up.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with bugs everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the airport.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely graceful inside the airport.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a graceful person who looked just like me with phones all over its legs.  The person who looked just like me sprinted to a airport.  The person who looked just like me started melting.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The airport suddenly whispered "Why are you so tiny?"  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting a little content.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shrinking in height in a beach when all of a sudden a statue gave me some snows.  The statue began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting slightly furious.  The statue started to spit out lots of insects.  A cat came out of nowhere and began to melt.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely red inside the beach.  The statue began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with pens everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very huge outside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a house, with a man quickly shrinking in height.  The man stated "Why are you so huge?"  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat towering outside the dorm.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a pale scarecrow with snows coming out of its face.  The scarecrow started shrinking in height.  The scarecrow began to throw some cars at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a beach.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I saw a enormous statue with fruit coming out of its eyes.  The scarecrow began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly nervous for some reason.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny dog with bugs coming out of its toes.  The dog said "That sucks"  The dog said "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I stopped being scared.  The dog began to kick me, but I shot it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was very bright outside the island.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so green?"  

I saw a green monster with fires all over its back.  The monster began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "This is extremely massive"  The monster whispered "You must look inside"  Then, I woke up.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange bed with phones everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright outside the bed.  The scarecrow walked to a house.  A teacher showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The dorm suddenly began to shoot me.  The dorm suddenly gave me some ices.  The teacher continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a green dog with phones all over its feet.  The dog began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The dog shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned for some reason.  A cat appeared and began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  The cat started melting.  The cat shook into nothingness.  

A teacher showed up and drove to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to jump over me.  The airport suddenly stated "Hey man, it happens"  The scene changed to a church, with a monster quickly melting.  The teacher started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  I saw a obscure dog with lavas coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to grow much larger.  The monster said "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a man ran to a airport.  The classroom suddenly shouted "That sucks"  The man began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely small inside the airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous outside the airport.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a enormous cat with pens sticking out of its eyes.  The cat began to throw some photos at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The cat began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a bed.  The cat began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly like I had accomplished something great.  I saw a tiny scarecrow with mice coming out of its legs.  The scarecrow began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting very relaxed.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the bed.  The last thing I remember is the scarecrow saying "The bugs are in the phone"  

A teacher appeared and ran to a classroom.  The classroom suddenly started melting.  The teacher sprinted to a beach.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens" for some reason.  A scarecrow came out of nowhere and began to take a photo of me.  The teacher began to grab me, but I yelled at it "This is a little red"  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "What's going on?" for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a large dog with lavas sticking out of its tongue.  The dog began to smack me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The dog began to sing to me, but I could tell it was getting slightly terrified.  The dog shrunk in height into thin air.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and gave me some bugs.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting very nervous.  The person who looked just like me began to grow much larger.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a statue slowly crumbling.  The statue whispered "Why are you so huge?"  I saw a graceful dog with logs on its face.  The person who looked just like me began to smack me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red outside the classroom.  The dog shook into thin air.  

I'm melting in a dorm when all of a sudden a dog started to spit out lots of fruit.  The dorm suddenly began to smack me.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous outside the dorm.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a island, and I began to melt.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The island suddenly began to punch me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog appeared and said "You must look inside"  The dog began to stand on me, but I shot it and ran away.  The dog began to grab me, but I threw some glass triangles at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a church, with a cat quickly crumbling.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and began to throw some spikes at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the church.  The cat began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting strangely relaxed.  Then, I woke up.  

A statue appeared and ran to a church.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little towering outside the church.  The statue began to punch me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a airport.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green inside the airport.  A dinosaur showed up and started melting.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I punched it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pleasant monster with bumps coming out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared for some reason.  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I said "That sucks"  The monster started shrinking in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "That sucks"  

A monster came out of nowhere and started melting.  The monster started to spit out lots of dogs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The monster began to jump over me.  The monster began to shoot me, but I could tell it was getting slightly angry.  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with cats everywhere.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was very pale inside the island.  I saw a small dog with bags on its arms.  The island suddenly began to jump over me.  The dog showed me several pencils.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Why are you so small?"  

My family and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church with bumps everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous inside the church.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  A man showed up and began to grow much larger.  The man began to slap me, but I yelled at it and ran away.  The man started shrinking in height.  I jolted awake.  

A tin man came out of nowhere and began to slap me.  The tin man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly anxious thinking this would help.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The tin man showed me several mice.  The dorm suddenly shouted "The bugs are in the log"  Then, I woke up.  

A teacher appeared and showed me several metal triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the car" thinking this would help.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The scene changed to a island, with a dog wildly shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale inside the island.  I saw a grotesque dinosaur with lavas on its arms.  The island suddenly began to sing to me.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike inside the island.  The last thing I remember is the dinosaur saying "That sucks"  

I saw a blue scarecrow with phones on its arms.  The scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scarecrow went to a basement of a dorm.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly sprinted to a classroom.  The basement of a dorm suddenly started shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I shouted "What's going on?" thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

A statue appeared and began to shake.  The statue began to kick me, but I shouted at it "Hello?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  I was enjoying myself because it was very enormous inside the dorm.  I saw a large cat with bugs on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very hideous inside the dorm.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "You must look inside"  

I'm growing much larger in a beach when all of a sudden a monster began to shoot me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the beach.  The beach suddenly began to take a photo of me.  I saw a small cat with bumps all over its feet.  The beach suddenly began to grab me.  The cat began to kick me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  I jolted awake.  

A monster appeared and sprinted to a house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the house.  The house suddenly began to melt.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  The dorm suddenly began to grow much larger.  A scarecrow showed up and walked to a classroom.  The scarecrow began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  The monster began to grab me.  The house suddenly went to a airport, and I smiled.  

I saw a green person who looked just like me with photos coming out of its back.  The person who looked just like me went to a church.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a beach.  The person who looked just like me began to grab me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  I saw a small teacher with bumps on its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very graceful inside the church.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat tiny outside the church, and I smiled.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dining hall when all of a sudden a leader of the dining hall began to jump over me.  The leader of the dining hall shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The leader of the dining hall began to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The leader of the dining hall started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly began to punch me.  The leader of the dining hall melted into the ground.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started to spit out lots of logs.  The person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I sprinted to a island.  The person who looked just like me showed me several ices.  A teacher showed up and drove to a airport.  The teacher began to punch me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I sung to it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I'm crumbling in a bed when all of a sudden a teacher began to grow much larger.  The teacher began to stand on me, but I shouted at it "Who are you?"  The teacher sprinted to a dorm.  I don't know why, but I drove to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat huge outside the dorm.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The teacher shook into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport with cars everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pleasant inside the airport.  The airport suddenly began to take a photo of me.  A scarecrow appeared and said "That sucks"  The airport suddenly drove to a beach.  The scarecrow showed me several lavas.  The beach suddenly showed me several fires, and I smiled.  

I was growing much larger in a towering classroom, and I whispered "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly began to punch me.  A dinosaur appeared and walked to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely hideous outside the dining hall.  The dinosaur gave me some pencils.  I jolted awake.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a basement of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared thinking this would help.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I saw a childlike statue with bags sticking out of its feet.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  The statue began to sing to me, but I screamed at it "That sucks"  The statue continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with phones sticking out of its toes.  The dinosaur started to spit out lots of pencils.  The dinosaur began to take a photo of me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  The dinosaur began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely blue outside the dining hall.  The dinosaur continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a towering cat with fires coming out of its mouth.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The cat began to slap me, but I shouted at it "This is somewhat futuristic"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The airport suddenly began to grow much larger.  The cat began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale dinosaur with cars all over its eyes.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The scene changed to a house, with a statue slowly crumbling.  The statue began to grab me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The statue began to smack me, but I sung to it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the statue saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My dog and I were at a church, but it's a very strange church on top of a airport.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shake for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pleasant outside the airport.  I don't know why, but I walked to a basement of a bed.  The church suddenly began to grab me.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat red inside the bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" for some reason, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The person who looked just like me said "Why are you so blue?"  The scene changed to a basement of a dorm, with a dinosaur slowly growing much larger.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I tried to get it to take a photo of me.  A monster showed up and started crumbling.  The monster stated "That sucks"  The monster shouted "You must look inside"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A person who looked just like me showed up and started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to slap me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to shake.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the classroom.  The person who looked just like me started shaking.  I jolted awake.  

A statue appeared and began to grab me.  The statue started melting.  The statue began to kick me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a beach, and I wasn't scared.  The beach suddenly began to jump over me.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Hello?" thinking this would help.  The statue melted into thin air.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to smack me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I shouted at it "That sucks"  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a tiny scarecrow with bugs on its mouth.  The scarecrow began to shake.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to crumble for some reason.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I felt strangely content.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the dorm.  I saw a large dog with fires sticking out of its back.  The scarecrow started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the dorm.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a grotesque cat with insects all over its face.  The cat whispered "Why are you so grotesque?"  The cat began to shrink in height.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a childlike tin man with insects all over its legs.  The tin man said "Why are you so childlike?"  The tin man started to spit out lots of mice.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I heard a voice say "That sucks"  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely graceful outside the church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a pale monster with fruit sticking out of its tongue.  The monster began to jump over me, but I could tell it was getting very content.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt thinking this would help.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a man quickly growing much larger.  The dorm suddenly began to kick me.  A statue came out of nowhere and started to spit out lots of spikes.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat bright outside the dorm.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My family and I were at a basement of a house, but it's a very strange basement of a house with logs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little green inside the house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat graceful outside the house.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I ran to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely grotesque inside the basement of a house.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red outside the basement of a house, and I smiled.  

I saw a bright cat with spikes coming out of its arms.  The cat started melting.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt a little content thinking this would help.  I jolted awake.  

A teacher appeared and whispered "Hey man, it happens"  The teacher began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "That sucks" for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a island.  The island suddenly gave me some cars.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little graceful inside the island.  The teacher crumbled into the ground.  

A teacher showed up and gave me some insects.  The teacher said "Why are you so grotesque?"  The teacher began to smack me, but I tried to get it to stand on me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a classroom.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little green outside the classroom.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  I jolted awake.  

My dog and I were at a dorm, but it's a very strange dorm with phones everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely red inside the dorm.  The dorm suddenly walked to a house.  A monster appeared and began to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't afraid thinking this would help.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the house.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "Why are you so obscure?"  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island with bugs everywhere.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous outside the island.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely childlike outside the island.  The scene changed to a dorm, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly melting.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The person who looked just like me ran to a classroom.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Why are you so hideous?"  

A man came out of nowhere and sprinted to a airport.  The man started to spit out lots of fruit.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale outside the airport.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little huge outside the dining hall.  A scarecrow appeared and showed me several insects.  The scarecrow shouted "Hey man, it happens"  The scarecrow began to grab me, but I could tell it was getting a little anxious.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a red dog with glass squares all over its tongue.  The dog gave me some logs.  The dog began to slap me.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and began to sing to me.  The dinosaur began to kick me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being worried thinking this would help.  I don't know why, but I went to a basement of a dorm.  The dinosaur began to throw some mice at me, but I screamed at it "Hello?"  I saw a towering cat with insects on its toes.  The dinosaur began to jump over me, but I screamed at it "Who are you?"  The cat began to punch me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The cat grew much larger into thin air.  

I'm crumbling in a classroom when all of a sudden a scarecrow started growing much larger.  The scarecrow began to kick me, but I could tell it was getting strangely angry.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't concerned for some reason.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little blue outside the church.  The church suddenly began to melt.  The scarecrow shrunk in height into thin air.  

My friends and I were at a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a bed.  I didn't know what to do, so I said "What's going on?" for some reason.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely pale outside the island.  A tin man showed up and started crumbling.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely bright outside the island.  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The tin man drove to a house, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to crumble.  The scarecrow began to punch me, but I yelled at it "Hello?"  The scarecrow began to shake.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I shouted "That sucks"  The classroom suddenly ran to a beach.  A leader of the classroom appeared and began to sing to me.  The classroom suddenly whispered "The phones are in the cat"  The classroom suddenly drove to a dining hall.  The scarecrow continued doing this indefinitely.  

I saw a pale person who looked just like me with metal squares sticking out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me began to stand on me, but I could tell it was getting very anxious.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm shaking in a church when all of a sudden a cat began to smack me.  The cat began to shake.  The church suddenly began to shoot me.  I saw a pale scarecrow with phones sticking out of its back.  The church suddenly started crumbling.  The scarecrow began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some insects at me.  The church suddenly started shrinking in height, and I smiled.  

A scarecrow showed up and began to grow much larger.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of snows.  The scarecrow started to spit out lots of phones.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a house, and I heard a voice say "Hey man, it happens"  The bed suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a bright dog with spikes coming out of its back.  The scarecrow began to shoot me, but I grabbed it and ran away.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some fires at me.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a dorm when all of a sudden a monster began to melt.  The classroom suddenly began to shoot me.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so towering?" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a bed, and I shouted "This is somewhat small"  The monster started to spit out lots of insects.  The monster began to smack me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely tiny"  I jolted awake.  

A cat appeared and shouted "You must look inside"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid for some reason.  The cat started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I began to crumble.  The cat began to shoot me, but I shouted at it "This is a little green"  A man showed up and began to shake.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the airport.  The airport suddenly stated "Why are you so green?"  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

A man showed up and began to slap me.  The man began to grab me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being happy about it thinking this would help.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a dorm.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to jump over me.  The dorm suddenly went to a dining hall.  Then, I woke up.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and began to sing to me.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to throw some wooden squares at me.  The person who looked just like me walked to a beach.  The scene changed to a church, with a dog quickly shrinking in height.  The dog shouted "Why are you so tiny?"  I saw a pale dinosaur with bugs on its toes.  The person who looked just like me drove to a house.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very small outside the church.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a small dog with glass squares sticking out of its mouth.  The dog gave me some spikes.  The dog began to throw some photos at me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I walked to a island.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat obscure inside the island.  The dog began to take a photo of me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The island suddenly started growing much larger, and I smiled.  

I saw a grotesque person who looked just like me with metal squares all over its face.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I yelled at it "I want to melt"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being concerned thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dining hall, and I said "I want to grow much larger"  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely hideous inside the dining hall.  A monster appeared and started crumbling.  The dining hall suddenly showed me several insects.  The dining hall suddenly walked to a dorm.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "Hey man, it happens"  

I saw a graceful teacher with dogs on its eyes.  The teacher began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The teacher began to punch me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a house.  The teacher began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  A cat came out of nowhere and started growing much larger.  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny inside the house.  The cat began to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the cat saying "That sucks"  

A scarecrow showed up and started to spit out lots of fruit.  The scarecrow said "The logs are in the phone"  The scarecrow began to yell at me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  I jolted awake.  

I'm shrinking in height in a house when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me gave me some fires.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely tiny inside the house.  I was enjoying myself because it was very hideous inside the house.  I saw a graceful tin man with pens sticking out of its legs.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I stood on it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me showed me several metal squares.  I jolted awake.  

A man came out of nowhere and shouted "The cats are in the lava"  The man shouted "That sucks"  The man began to yell at me, but I smacked it and ran away.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  The beach suddenly ran to a dorm.  I saw a massive dog with bumps all over its back.  I was enjoying myself because it was very red inside the dorm.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to grow much larger for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a massive tin man with fires sticking out of its tongue.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The tin man began to kick me.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a island.  The airport suddenly began to sing to me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful inside the island.  A teacher came out of nowhere and showed me several cats.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat childlike inside the airport.  The teacher began to shoot me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  The last thing I remember is the teacher saying "You must look inside"  

My family and I were at a dining hall, but it's a very strange dining hall with snows everywhere.  The dining hall suddenly drove to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little bright outside the dining hall.  The scene changed to a classroom, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly growing much larger.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height thinking this would help.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "That sucks"  

A tin man appeared and sprinted to a basement of a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat hideous inside the basement of a dining hall.  The tin man began to kick me.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a basement of a airport, and I stopped being worried.  The tin man walked to a beach.  A cat appeared and started to spit out lots of bumps.  The tin man drove to a classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat futuristic outside the beach.  The tin man continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dinosaur came out of nowhere and ran to a bed.  The dinosaur went to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little childlike outside the airport.  I wanted to stay, but I walked to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little large inside the beach.  I saw a red manager of the bed with mice sticking out of its face.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The bed suddenly said "Why are you so red?"  The dinosaur crumbled into the ground.  

My family and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely obscure inside the classroom.  I was enjoying myself because it was extremely towering outside the classroom.  A dog showed up and began to shake.  The dog began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting a little nervous.  The dog started growing much larger.  The last thing I remember is the dog saying "Hey man, it happens"  

My friends and I were at a airport, but it's a very strange airport on top of a church.  The airport suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The dorm suddenly began to crumble.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a beach.  I was very uncomfortable because it was very grotesque inside the dorm.  The airport suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little blue outside the beach, and I smiled.  

I saw a hideous dinosaur with fruit on its legs.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "You must look inside" for some reason.  The dinosaur began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I began to melt.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly anxious.  A man showed up and shouted "Why are you so hideous?"  The church suddenly began to jump over me.  The dinosaur began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "I want to shake"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt slightly relaxed thinking this would help, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed on top of a basement of a church.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat futuristic inside the basement of a church.  The bed suddenly started crumbling.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I wasn't scared.  The dorm suddenly started shaking.  The basement of a church suddenly gave me some insects.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a teacher started shrinking in height.  The teacher began to kick me.  I didn't know what to do, so I whispered "This is very enormous" for some reason.  A person who looked just like me appeared and started shaking.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little graceful outside the island.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to throw some bumps at me.  Then, I woke up.  

I'm crumbling in a airport when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to crumble.  The airport suddenly drove to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me began to yell at me, but I tried to get it to sing to me.  I saw a massive tin man with snows sticking out of its toes.  The airport suddenly went to a beach.  The airport suddenly walked to a house.  The last thing I remember is the tin man saying "That sucks"  

A statue showed up and began to shoot me.  The statue began to grab me.  The statue began to stand on me, but I threw some lavas at it and ran away.  The scene changed to a bed, with a person who looked just like me slowly shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I shouted at it "What's going on?"  The bed suddenly whispered "The ices are in the fruit"  The bed suddenly began to grow much larger, and I smiled.  

I'm crumbling in a beach when all of a sudden a person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  The person who looked just like me started to spit out lots of metal triangles.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "That sucks" thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I stopped being concerned.  The person who looked just like me began to jump over me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  I was enjoying myself because it was very tiny outside the church.  Then, I woke up.  

A monster appeared and whispered "That sucks"  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being scared for some reason.  The monster gave me some bumps.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a airport, and I heard a voice say "The insects are in the dog"  The airport suddenly whispered "The fires are in the metal square"  A person who looked just like me appeared and started crumbling.  The monster began to stand on me, but I yelled at it "What's going on?"  The monster began to take a photo of me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely huge"  The monster continued doing this indefinitely.  

A teacher appeared and started to spit out lots of bags.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it for some reason.  The teacher began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting slightly content.  The scene changed to a beach, with a person who looked just like me quickly shaking.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to melt for some reason.  The beach suddenly started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to sing to me, but I took a photo of it and ran away, and I smiled.  

My dog and I were at a classroom, but it's a very strange classroom with pens everywhere.  The classroom suddenly began to yell at me.  I was enjoying myself because it was a little pale inside the classroom.  I saw a bright monster with metal squares coming out of its tongue.  The monster began to slap me, but I could tell it was getting strangely furious.  The monster began to throw some snows at me, but I tried to get it to smack me.  The last thing I remember is the monster saying "The ices are in the lava"  

I'm growing much larger in a airport when all of a sudden a monster began to grab me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt very worried for some reason.  The airport suddenly started shrinking in height.  I saw a blue cat with phones sticking out of its legs.  The cat began to punch me, but I tried to get it to slap me.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't scared thinking this would help.  The cat shouted "Hey man, it happens", and I smiled.  

I was melting in a tiny basement of a classroom, and I felt very worried.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "The insects are in the lava" thinking this would help.  The basement of a classroom suddenly began to smack me.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a dining hall.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little pleasant inside the basement of a classroom.  The classroom suddenly began to grow much larger.  I jolted awake.  

A man appeared and began to jump over me.  The man began to stand on me, but I tried to get it to throw some glass squares at me.  The man began to take a photo of me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  The man continued doing this indefinitely.  

I'm crumbling in a island when all of a sudden a statue stated "Hey man, it happens"  The island suddenly began to grow much larger.  The island suddenly gave me some phones.  I don't know why I thought it would be a good idea, but I went to a church.  The statue began to punch me, but I yelled at it "That sucks"  The island suddenly began to take a photo of me.  The church suddenly began to shoot me, and I smiled.  

I was crumbling in a futuristic beach, and I whispered "This is somewhat pale"  I was enjoying myself because it was a little hideous outside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I stated "Who are you?" thinking this would help.  A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat began to take a photo of me, but I tried to get it to throw some fruit at me.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little childlike outside the beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man appeared and whispered "You must look inside"  The tin man drove to a house.  I didn't know what to do, so I stopped being afraid thinking this would help.  Then, I woke up.  

A cat appeared and started growing much larger.  The cat began to slap me, but I tried to get it to yell at me.  I didn't know what to do, so I began to shrink in height for some reason.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a airport.  The cat stated "The phones are in the spike"  I saw a childlike tin man with fires coming out of its toes.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so childlike?" for some reason.  The cat started to spit out lots of bugs.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat green outside the airport, and I smiled.  

A person who looked just like me appeared and ran to a classroom.  The person who looked just like me showed me several logs.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't happy about it thinking this would help.  I looked around and saw that I was now in a dorm, and I stopped being worried.  The person who looked just like me began to throw some bugs at me.  I saw a pleasant cat with pens coming out of its mouth.  The island suddenly showed me several pencils.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat large inside the island.  The cat continued doing this indefinitely.  

I was shrinking in height in a grotesque airport, and I began to shake.  The airport suddenly started crumbling.  The airport suddenly gave me some cars.  The scene changed to a beach, with a dog absent-mindedly shaking.  The dog stated "You must look inside"  The airport suddenly showed me several spikes.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a towering dinosaur with spikes all over its feet.  The dinosaur began to slap me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  The dinosaur began to kick me.  The dinosaur shook into nothingness.  

I'm melting in a island when all of a sudden a scarecrow started shrinking in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat pale outside the island.  The scarecrow gave me some wooden triangles.  The scene changed to a church, with a dinosaur wildly crumbling.  The scarecrow showed me several bumps.  The island suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a enormous cat with snows sticking out of its legs.  The cat began to grab me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  The cat began to yell at me, but I yelled at it "Who are you?"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a church, and I whispered "That sucks"  The cat began to smack me, but I shouted at it "I want to melt"  A person who looked just like me came out of nowhere and started melting.  The person who looked just like me began to shrink in height.  I was very uncomfortable because it was somewhat red outside the church.  I jolted awake.  

I was shrinking in height in a massive island, and I stopped being concerned.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat towering outside the island.  The island suddenly began to shake.  The scene changed to a airport, with a person who looked just like me absent-mindedly shaking.  The person who looked just like me began to kick me, but I tried to get it to throw some cars at me.  The airport suddenly began to melt.  The person who looked just like me shook into nothingness.  

My family and I were at a house, but it's a very strange house on top of a bed.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat bright inside the house.  The house suddenly shouted "Hey man, it happens"  A tin man showed up and started to spit out lots of ices.  The bed suddenly said "Why are you so bright?"  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely terrified for some reason.  I jolted awake.  

My family and I were at a basement of a island, but it's a very strange island on top of a dining hall.  The dining hall suddenly stated "The dogs are in the pencil"  The dining hall suddenly sprinted to a dorm.  The details are fuzzy, but I somehow got to a church.  The basement of a island suddenly started melting.  The basement of a island suddenly ran to a beach.  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and gave me some photos.  The tin man began to jump over me, but I tried to get it to punch me.  I didn't know what to do, so I felt strangely worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

A dog showed up and walked to a beach.  The dog began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat small inside the beach.  The scene changed to a dining hall, with a monster quickly melting.  I was very uncomfortable because it was a little tiny inside the beach.  I didn't know what to do, so I wasn't worried for some reason.  Then, I woke up.  

I saw a blue dog with wooden triangles on its face.  The dog began to sing to me, but I yelled at it "This is extremely futuristic"  The dog began to grab me, but I punched it and ran away.  The dog continued doing this indefinitely.  

A dog came out of nowhere and gave me some snows.  The dog began to smack me, but I smacked it and ran away.  The dog began to yell at me, but I took a photo of it and ran away.  I jolted awake.  

I saw a obscure person who looked just like me with wooden squares sticking out of its eyes.  The person who looked just like me began to shoot me, but I kicked it and ran away.  The person who looked just like me ran to a classroom.  I wanted to stay, but I drove to a airport.  I was enjoying myself because it was very grotesque inside the classroom.  I saw a childlike monster with bumps coming out of its arms.  The monster began to slap me.  The person who looked just like me walked to a dining hall.  The last thing I remember is the person who looked just like me saying "The cars are in the mouse"  

My family and I were at a bed, but it's a very strange bed with pens everywhere.  I was very uncomfortable because it was extremely huge outside the bed.  The bed suddenly said "Hey man, it happens"  I looked around and saw that I was now in a classroom, and I began to shrink in height.  I didn't know what to do, so I heard a voice say "Why are you so huge?" thinking this would help.  The classroom suddenly whispered "That sucks"  Then, I woke up.  

A tin man showed up and drove to a house.  The tin man began to kick me, but I jumped over it and ran away.  I was enjoying myself because it was somewhat pleasant inside the house.  I don't remember how, but I somehow got to a classroom.  The tin man started to spit out lots of bugs.  I was enjoying myself because it was very large outside the house.  I jolted awake.  

