####
I was at my home in Los Angeles, but my house was in the middle of a forested resort.
I walk with my brother down a path in the woods, and I see a curious looking bag on the side of the path.
My brother picks it up and we carry it back toward the house.
When we open the bag on the way back, it has two small velociraptors inside.
They escape the bag, and I get really worried because I know they'll grow bigger and multiply.
My brother tells me not to worry, and I get frustrated because for some reason I thought it was his fault.
I considered telling the authorities, but I decided not to because they might nuke Los Angeles to stop the dinosaurs from spreading.
####
The next day, when I'm walking to my house, I hear something large rustling in the bushes around the house.
I hurry inside and close and lock the door, but I see that the back door is ajar.
I see my brother on the couch really worried because he saw one of the velociraptors inside the house.
I suddenly feel that nowhere is safe, and decide to call the police.
####
I was sitting inside a very large wooden cabin.
It was dark outside, but not because it was night.
There was a very thick fog that was obstructing the sun, and thus making it extremely cold.
I don't remember how I knew this, but as happens in most of my dreams, I suddenly became lucid as I paid attention to a specific detail of my dream.
I figured that I might as well get out of this cold cabin, so I changed the cabin into a car and began to drive through a very dense forest.
It was beautiful outside, and I could hear crickets and birds chirping.
I got tired of driving, so I stopped the car and cut down a couple of trees to build a bench.
At this time, I did what I often do during dreams.
I like to think of them as mind exercises; I took the car and formed it into a bicycle, and then a cassette player, and then tape measurer, and so on.
The process is simple, I "mold" something into something else that shares some of the same features, like circles for cars and bicycles.
This was very enjoyable and I kept doing this until I woke up.
####
I was standing on the top of a grassy hill with an egg. I shake the egg and roll it down the hill. I run down the hill to get it, crack it open, and see that it is perfectly soft-boiled. Someone says "that's amazing, you could make a lot of money off that." I think about how unreliable the egg would be but decide to try it again. I shake another egg but accidentally throw it a little more than rolling it. It lands in a garden and breaks in the fresh, brown soil.
####
My friend Max from high school (who strangely enough I associated not with Max's face but with my other friend James' face) passed away after watching a Broadway show. Another one of my friends, Jin, came to my house and came inside to tell me the news. He was extremely emotional about it, even though in real life, I don't think he was close friends with either Max or James. At the time Jin came to my house, my dad was home and although he is friends with James' dad, I perceived that he didn't know what happened. This dream took place a few days after I came home from school for break (even though in real life, I didn't go home for break).
####
I was going to a gathering at college and the theme of it was something that prompted me to wear an all white snow suit with a number pinned onto it (one you would wear in a running race). I remember changing between several variations of white snowsuits before finding the right one. When we arrived at the gathering it was in a very cramped room and it was all college students, besides one adult, my economics section leader.
####
I was at this resort like place with my suitemates, and I was in the single room one of my suitemates had claimed. I was laying on the large bed, the sheets and comforter in complete disarray. I was only in the room because I had been collecting large gold coins that were going into the room. A strange monster with a cubic body entered the room, and the face was of a girl I had met once. She loomed over me, trying to tear into me with her talons, and I continued to evade her, still trapped on the bed. She was distracting me with her words, her voice incredibly soothing as she talked about the revenge she was trying to get on the monsters who killed her friends. Someone entered the room just as her talons swooped towards me, and I turned to the door, realizing too late that I had forgotten to move. 
####
I was staying in a mansion that overlooked Paris. The mansion was on a grassy hill and there was a long staircase leading up to it. The view was amazing. The light was like it is when the sun is setting, but the sun wasn't setting. It was like that all the time, with purple and orange in the sky and the blood moon. The light highlighted the intense green of the hill and whatever was "Paris." Inside, the walls of the room I was staying in were being painted gray. At one point there was a discussion among the people I was staying with of watching a movie in this room but we had to be careful of the walls. I remember feeling somewhat nervous of the wet paint. At one point, I went down to Paris with the people I was with, but I can't remember what happened there. I had a feeling that this was my 3rd or 4th time visiting Paris. 